Eric	Johnson

Star	Wars:	Infinite	Darkness
IV:	The	Gathering
Thanks	to	the	Following:	Joe	Mignano,	David	Uscinski	(and	thx	for	the	cover
picture	as	well!)	John	D.	Smith,	Patrick	Delieto,	Sean	Connaughton,	and
Kenneth	C.B.	Herbert.	This	series	is	dedicated	to	the	life	and	times	of	Sean	P.
“Seaco	Buroc”	Connaughton.

Star	Wars:	Infinite	Darkness:	I:	The	Gathering

The	 twin	 suns	 didn’t	 rise	 this	 morning,	 it	 was	 raining	 and	 that	 was	 rare	 on
this	 planet.	 Six	 jedi	 padawans	 were	 running	 from	 the	 dark	 lord	 as	 he	 was
walking	across	the	wet	sand	laughing,
“You	can’t	outrun	me	jedi	scum,	I	can	do	this	all	day,	night	and	all	day	again
if	needs	be.”
The	 sith	 lord	 said	 walking	 after	 the	 tired,	 worthless	 jedi	 cowards.	 He	 raised
his	 hand	 up	 to	 the	 heavens	 and	 sent	 a	 storm	 of	 lightning	 up	 to	 the	 clouds
which	in	turn	sent	lightning	back	down	to	the	sith	lord	making	him	glow	red.
“Come	 on	 and	 fight	 me!	 Don’t	 run,	 you’re	 only	 making	 this	 harder	 on
yourselves!”
The	 jedi	 ran	 to	 the	 base	 of	 a	 mountain	 and	 started	 climbing,	 the	 dark	 lord
reached	 them	 and	 looked	 up	 at	 the	 struggling	 cowards	 try	 to	 escape	 his
capture.	A	lightning	bolt	came	down	and	struck	the	mountain	peak	sending
boulders	 down	 on	 the	 jedi	 below.	 All	 but	 two	 braced	 for	 the	 impact,	 the
others	 were	 knocked	 off.	 As	 they	 fell	 the	 sith	 lord	 stood	 under	 them	 and
yelled,
“Yes!	send	them	down!”
The	 dark	 lord	 moved	 at	 the	 last	 moment	 and	 the	 bodies	 slammed	 into	 the
ground.	 He	 didn’t	 need	 to	 inspect	 them,	 he	 knew	 that	 they	 were	 already
dead.	
“Either	you	come	down	and	face	me	or	mother	nature	will	deal	with	you	and
she’s	doing	a	better	job	than	me!”
Lightning	 hit	 another	 jedi	 and	 burned	 him	 to	 a	 crisp,	 the	 strike	 scared	 the
other	two	and	they	both	fell	to	their	deaths	below.
The	last	jedi	force	jumped	off	of	the	side	of	the	mountain	face,	activated	his
lightsaber,	and	fell	down	to	the	sith	lord	below,	as	he	landed	on	his	feet,	the
dark	lord	put	his	arms	out	to	his	sides	as	the	jedi	ran	towards	him.	
Just	before	reaching	him	the	evil	one	grabbed	the	jedi’s	hands,	turned	them
around	 the	 dark	 lord’s	 body	 and	 shoved	 the	 blade	 through	 his	 throat.	 The
jedi	opened	his	mouth	and	made	a	loud	gurgling	sound.

Darth	Bruticus	pulled	the	lightsaber	straight	out	and	slashed	at	his	enemy’s
neck.	The	decapitated	body	hit	the	sand	and	was	jolting	as	the	evil	victor	spit
on	his	lifeless	body.	
The	dark	lord	searched	the	dead	padawans	for	their	weapons	and	any	other
information	 that	 he	 could	 find	 on	 them.	 He	 got	 eight	 sabers	 some	 Republic
credits	 and	 a	 holo	 disk	 that	 had	 some	 training	 which	 the	 dark	 lord	 was
already	familliar	with.
The	evil	one	smiled	and	slowly	shook	his	head.
“That	 was	 a	 wasted	 day.	 Chased	 those	 misguided	 jedi	 children	 to	 their
deaths.	You	should	have	joined	the	dark	side	you	jedi	scum!”
He	turned	and	looked	around,	nothing	but	wet	sand	dunes	as	far	as	the	eye
could	see.
The	clouds	were	getting	darker,	the	wind	picked	up	as	he	watched	the	storm
brew	and	head	toward	Mos	Espa.
He	 pushed	 a	 button	 on	 his	 belt	 and	 a	 ship	 flew	 to	 his	 destination	 a	 few
minutes	later,	boarding	his	ship,	a	droid	began	to	speak.	
“Darth	Bruticus,	the	child	you	were	looking	for	has	been	captured	and	is	on
his	way	to	the	temple.”
Leaving	 the	 planet,	 the	 rain	 began	 falling	 while	 lightning	 bolted	 to	 the
ground.	Bruticus	sat	back	in	his	seat	and	wiped	the	sweat	from	his	face.
“Why	 do	 I	 give	 those	 force-sensitive	 do-gooders	 the	 chances	 that	 I	 do?
Maybe	I’m	being	too	forgiving…or	maybe	I’m	enjoying	myself.”
The	droid	sat	next	to	him	and	said,	
“I	 know	 that	 you	 are	 not	 forgiving,	 my	 lord…and	 that	 you	 are	 having	 fun
with	 them	 sir.	 You	 are	 like	 a	 krayt	 dragon	 playing	 with	 it’s	 food	 before	 the
kill.”
Darth	Bruticus	smiled	and	nodded,	
“well	said	my	friend…well	said.”
A	small	hologram	of	a	tall	hooded	figure	appeared	and	bowed.	“He	is	here…
it	is	done	my	lord.”	The	figure	said.
“Yes	 I	 know,	 await	 my	 arrival,	 apprentice.”	 the	 dark	 lord	 replied	 and	 the
hologram	disappeared.
	

Sith	Temple,	Edge	of	the	Killing	Fields,	Korriban

Two	Days	Later
	

Darth	Kaiz	looked	down	at	the	boy	who	looked	up	and	smiled,	the	boy	got
an	evil	look	in	return.	
“Is	there	anything	to	do	in	here?	It’s	dark,	gloomy,	and	creepy	in	this	place.”
the	boy	said,	trying	to	hide	by	the	sith	lord	who	grabbed	his	hand	and	said,
“How	about	I	show	you	around	this	place?”
The	boy	nodded	at	the	man	and	walked	next	to	him.	Many	hours	had	passed
and	the	two	had	finally	reached	an	interesting	room	to	the	boy.	
“What	 is	 this	 place?”	 The	 boy	 asked	 “This	 is	 the	 Lightsaber	 Training	 Area
where	many	Sith	over	the	years	have	learned	to	fight	with	a	lightsaber.”	
The	dark	lord	said	as	he	pushed	a	button,	nearby	two	young	sith	apprentices
appeared	and	began	to	spar.	He	looked	over	at	the	boy	who	was	staring	in
amazement,	 he	 turned	 to	 the	 sith	 lord	 and	 said,	 “I’m	 going	 to	 be	 doing
that?!”
Lord	 Kaiz	 pushed	 another	 button	 and	 two	 advanced	 holosith	 appeared	 and
began	 fighting	 and	 using	 darkside	 force	 attacks	 on	 each	 other.	 The	 boy
walked	 over	 by	 the	 ancient	 warriors	 and	 sat	 down	 in	 front	 of	 them	 and
watched.
The	 sith	 lord	 set	 the	 timers	 on	 the	 holoprojectors	 and	 left	 a	 droid	 to	 watch
after	the	young	boy	as	the	dark	lord	left	the	room.	He	arrived	at	the	landing
pad	as	his	master’s	ship	touched	down,	the	sith	grand	master	walked	down
the	ramp	and	was	greeted	by	his	apprentice.	
“Welcome	 back	 my	 master,	 the	 boy	 has	 already	 started	 his	 training.”	 Darth
Kaiz	said	as	he	bowed	to	his	master.	Darth	Bruticus	stopped	walking,	turned
and	gave	his	apprentice	an	evil	gaze.	The	apprentice	bowed	again	and	spoke
quickly.	
“He	is	watching	the	holoprojector	in	the	saber	training	area	my	lord.”	The	sith
master	started	walking	again	as	his	apprentice	walked	by	his	side.
“Master…if	I	may	ask…why	do	we	need	the	boy?	We	live	by	the	Rule	of	Two,
Lord	 Bane	 would	 not	 be	 happy	 with	 us	 if	 we…”	 Darth	 Bruticus	 cut	 him	 off,
“You	 want	 to	 know	 why	 I’m	 training	 the	 boy?	 Because	 of	 you…It	 was	 you
that	I	sent	to	retrieve	him	from	his	home.”

Darth	Kaiz	backed	up	from	his	master	and	said,	“Master	I	did	everything	you
said	to	do.”
Darth	 Bruticus	 nodded,	 “Yes	 my	 apprentice	 you	 did	 do	 everything,	 you	 got
the	boy,	killed	his	parents,	and	attracted	the	attention	of	the	jedi.	I	told	you
to	shoot	them	dead,	not	use	your	lightsaber	and	cut	them	to	pieces.	Now	the
jedi	are	alerted	to	our	presence,	they	sent	a	jedi	strike	force	out	to	attack	me
on	 Tatooine,	 I	 destroyed	 them	 and	 discovered	 a	 message	 sent	 to	 the	 jedi
by….you.”
The	 sith	 grand	 master	 stopped	 walking	 and	 put	 his	 hands	 behind	 his	 back
and	stood	still	as	Darth	Kaiz	walked	on.
“Kaiz,	I’m	back	here,	not	up	there.”	The	dark	lord	said	as	Kaiz	still	walked	on	,
he	finally	stopped	and	turned	around	and	force-threw	a	Terminator	bomb	at
the	old	grand	master.	The	dark	lord	held	up	his	hand	and	deflected	the	bomb
back	 at	 his	 apprentice.	 Darth	 Kaiz	 started	 to	 force-run	 away	 as	 the	 bomb
detonated,	releasing	small	bomblets	into	the	air	and	continuing	to	follow	the
sith	apprentice.
“Stand	and	fight	you	tusken	raider	jawa!”	The	sith	master	yelled.	The	boy	got
up	 from	 his	 seat	 and	 ran	 to	 the	 area’s	 entrance.	 He	 saw	 a	 group	 of	 balls
following	the	evil	man	around	the	great	hall	and	he	went	outside	the	training
area.	The	apprentice	ran	around	the	great	hall	and	returning	to	his	master.
Grabbing	 his	 weapon,	 the	 student	 ignited	 the	 weapon	 in	 his	 right	 hand	 and
started	 a	 sweeping	 swing	 at	 the	 dark	 master.	 Darth	 Bruticus	 back	 flipped,
grabbed	the	boy	who	ran	toward	him	and	shoved	him	to	the	side.	The	droid
grabbed	the	boy	by	the	shoulder	and	pulled	him	back.	Looking	at	the	droid,
it	 let	 go	 of	 his	 grasp	 and	 started	 to	 crush	 itself,	 when	 the	 boy	 couldn’t	 do
anymore	he	threw	the	droid	away.
Darth	 Kaiz	 screamed	 as	 the	 droid	 smacked	 into	 him	 and	 threw	 the	 sith
apprentice	into	the	terminator	bomblets	that	exploded	in	his	back,	knocking
him	 over	 the	 balcony	 and	 sending	 him	 to	 his	 death	 below.	 Using	 the	 force,
Darth	Bruticus	grabbed	the	boy	and	brought	him	away	from	the	explosion.	“I
didn’t	like	him,	it	was	like	I	could	feel	the	evil	pulsating	all	over	him.”	the	boy
said.	
“How	do	you	fell	about	me?”	The	dark	lord	asked.
The	 boy	 closed	 his	 eyes	 and	 could	 feel	 the	 sith	 master’s	 force	 aura,	 it	 was
warm	like	a	blanket	and	felt	safe.	

“I	 feel…“the	 boy	 said.	 “I	 know	 how	 you	 feel,	 young	 one…I	 know	 everything
about	you,	and	that’s	why	I	sent	for	you.”
Bruticus	 said	 setting	 the	 boy	 on	 his	 feet.	 “You	 sent	 for	 me?”	 the	 boy	 asked.
“Yes	 I	 sent	 for	 you,	 I	 have	 been	 watching	 you	 since	 your	 birth,	 I	 have	 spent
my	time	watching	and	waiting	for	you	to	be	old	enough.”
The	 dark	 lord	 said.	 The	 boy	 looked	 around	 at	 the	 dark	 and	 half	 destroyed
temple	and	back	to	the	sith	master.	
“Old	enough	for	what?	To	kill	me	like	you	did	him?”	the	boy	asked.	the	dark
lord	began	to	laugh	and	sat	down	on	the	blackened	marble	floor	in	front	of
him.	The	boy	sat	down	next	to	the	man	as	he	spoke,
“I	didn’t	kill	that	worthless	man…you	did,	I	just	chased	him	with	bombs,	you
did	 the	 rest.”	 The	 boy	 nodded	 his	 head	 and	 looked	 down	 at	 his	 feet	 and
started	playing	with	his	shoelaces.	
“You’re	not	going	to	kill	me	for	what	I	did?,	you’ve	been	waiting	for	my	since
I	was	a	baby…so	what	do	you	want	with	me?”
The	 dark	 lord	 grabbed	 his	 chin	 and	 turned	 his	 little	 head	 to	 face	 him	 and
said,	“You	are	my	new	apprentice,	you	will	be	more	powerful	than	any	before
you.”	“So	you	expect	me	to	forget	my	family	that	you	had	killed	and	become
you’re	 app…apprent…apprentice,	 however	 you	 say	 that	 word,	 I	 don’t	 even
know	you,	or	your	name,	and	you	don’t	know	me	even	though	you	say	that
you	do.”
The	 dark	 lord	 got	 up	 and	 said,	 “Walk	 with	 me.”	 They	 walked	 through	 the
great	hall	and	started	walking	up	the	stairs,	when	they	reached	the	top,	the
dark	lord	spoke	again.
“My	 name	 is	 Darth	 Bruticus,	 you	 will	 address	 me	 as	 master.	 Those	 people
that	raised	you	are	not	you’re	family,	I	had	them	watch	over	you	until	I	was
ready	to	train	you	and	now	that	you	are	here,	I	intend	to	do	that	and	more.
What	 you	 saw	 today	 is	 nothing	 compared	 to	 what	 I	 will	 teach	 you,	 when	 I
am	done	you	will	be	the	most	feared	sith	master	in	the	galaxy	and	beyond.
These	 are	 my	 servants,	 they	 will	 see	 that	 you	 get	 a	 change	 of	 clothes,
something	to	eat	and	a	room	to	get	some	rest	in,	I	need	to	attend	to	some
business	and	I’ll	return	in	a	few	days.”
The	young	boy	followed	the	servants	as	Darth	Bruticus	spoke	to	them	giving
them	further	instructions	to	prepare	him	for	training.	The	sith	master	went	to
his	quarters	and	gathered	his	things.	“I	need	to	leave	for	a	few	days	and	take
care	of	a	few	things	that	Darth	Kaiz	screwed	up.”

He	 told	 the	 servant	 who	 bowed	 to	 him	 and	 replied,	 “Yes	 my	 lord…as	 you
wish,	it	will	be	done	as	you	instruct.”	The	servant	left	his	quarters	to	tend	to
the	boy	as	Darth	Bruticus	left	the	room	he	spoke	into	his	transmitter.	
“Get	my	ship	ready	to	take	off.”	When	he	got	to	the	landing	pad,	his	personal
sith	hunter	droid	MZ-12	was	waiting	for	him,	they	boarded	the	ship	together
and	took	off.	Leaving	Korriban	nad	entering	hyperspace	the	droid	asked	the
dark	 lord	 for	 their	 destination.	 “We’re	 going	 to	 Tatooine	 to	 hunt	 down	 the
jedi	that	Darth	Kaiz	spoke	to	before	he/she/	it	gets	back	to	the	jedi	temple	to
tell	the	council	about	us.”	Darth	Bruticus	said.	
The	boy	entered	a	room	and	sat	down	as	a	droid	brought	him	a	tray	of	food
and	a	drink.	“What	is	it	?”	he	asked.	The	droid	turned	and	said,
“Corellian	 Chili,	 now	 be	 careful	 it	 is	 hot,	 if	 you	 want	 more	 we	 have	 plenty.”
The	 droid	 left	 him	 to	 eat,	 when	 he	 finished	 he	 was	 given	 a	 bath	 and	 new
clothes	 which	 he	 had	 never	 worn	 before	 or	 even	 laid	 eyes	 on	 the	 custom
made	clothing.
They	 were	 black	 and	 brown	 with	 black	 boots	 with	 what	 looked	 like	 an
ancient	language	printed	and	engraved	on	them.	He	was	shown	to	his	room
and	for	the	first	time	in	thirty	years,	the	sith	slaves	watched	someone	sleep
other	than	Darth	Bruticus.	They	stood	at	the	door	all	night	until	he	woke	up
in	the	morning.
Later	that	day	the	young	boy	was	studing,	learning	about	the	history	of	the
Sith…and	 the	 Jedi,	 at	 midday	 he	 went	 to	 psysical	 training	 where	 he	 lifted
weights	and	exercised	his	body	in	ways	that	he	never	knew	existed	before.	He
would	then	eat,	go	to	lightsaber	training,	which	was	his	favorite.
The	rest	of	this	time	was	his	own,	he	spent	some	days	in	his	room,	or	in	the
library,	 or	 in	 the	 lightsaber	 training	 area	 with	 the	 sith	 servants.	 On	 one
particular	day	after	breakfast	he	was	led	to	the	library,	seated	at	a	table	that
had	nothing	but	a	black	silk	cloth	laying	on	it.
As	he	looked	at	the	cloth	a	small	cube	appeared	and	started	moving	like	it
was	 unlocking	 itself.	 A	 servant	 pushed	 a	 side	 on	 the	 cube	 and	 a	 hologram
appeared	above	it.	The	figure	bowed	and	began	to	speak,	
“Hello	young	one,	what’s	you’re	name?”	The	boy	stood	up	and	bowed	back	at
the	figure,	took	his	seat	and	said,	“My	name	is	Mykalta.”	The	figure	said,	“My
name	 is	 Darth	 Bane	 and	 I	 will	 teach	 you	 many	 things	 while	 your	 master	 is
away,	the	first	thing	you	will	learn	is	The	Rule	of	Two.”	The	boy	nodded	and
spoke,	“Yes	my	lord,	my	master	and	I	are	the	only	two	here.”

Lord	Bane	laughed,	“I	know	young	one…I	know	your	master	and	I	know	who
you	are	and	everything	about	you.”	The	boy’s	jaw	dropped.
	
Dune	Sea,	Tatooine
Darth	 Bruticus	 took	 the	 ship	 out	 of	 hyperspace	 and	 landed	 the	 ship	 on	 the
sandy	planet,	he	and	MZ-12	exited	the	craft	and	looked	around.
“I	 hate	 the	 heat…and	 I	 hate	 this	 planet!”	 he	 said	 out	 load	 pulling	 out	 his
sconscope	 from	 his	 pocket	 and	 looking	 around.	 MZ-12	 exited	 the	 ship	 and
walked	to	Darth	Bruticus	and	said,
“Sir	my	sensors	indicate	a	small	ripple	in	the	force…a	sith	lord	has	been	here
before.”	The	sith	master	nodded	and	replied,
“Yes	Darth	Maul	was	here	looking	for	Queen	Amidala	and	for	the	first	time	in
over	a	thousand	years,	he	encountered	a	jedi….Master	Jedi	Qui-gon	Jinn.”
The	droid	was	silent	for	a	moment	then	spoke,
“How	did	you…”	the	dark	lord	cut	him	off,	“Let	me	guess,	you	want	to	know
how	I	knew	that?”
MZ-12	nodded	and	said,	“Yes	sir,	a	little	enlightnment	on	the	subject	would
be	appreciated.”	Darth	Bruticus	smiled	and	spoke,	“I	know	that	because	I	was
here!”
The	 droid	 looked	 at	 his	 master	 with	 an	 odd	 look,	 he	 tried	 to	 speak	 but
nothing	came	out.	The	sith	master	put	his	arm	around	the	droid	and	laughed,
“I	have	a	device	that	allows	me	to	travel	in	time,	so	I	used	the	device	and	I
saw	everything	here.	His	landing,	his	search,	his	attack,	and	his	withdraw.”
MZ	turned	to	the	dark	lord	and	said,	“Really?!	Have	you	gone	to	the	future?”
The	dark	lord	replied,
“Yes	but	only	to	return	to	my	time	but	nothing	further,	but	I’ve	gone	to	the
past	and	met	some	of	the	most	greatest	sith	that	has	ever	existed.	Exar	Kun,
Marka	Ragnos,	Naga	Sadow,	Freedon	Nadd,	and	my	favorite…..Darth	Bane.”
“What	 about	 Darth	 Krayt?	 the	 droid	 asked	 as	 the	 dark	 lord	 jumped	 over	 a
ledge	 and	 down	 a	 sand	 dune.	 He	 started	 laughing	 so	 hard	 that	 he	 grabbed
his	 stomach	 and	 almost	 lost	 his	 balance	 and	 fell	 over.	 “Darth	 Krayt,	 bah!
Don’t	make	me	laugh,	that	guy	is	small	time,	nothing	but	a	worthless	wimp!
A	tusken	raider	crybaby.”

The	droid	followed	his	master	down	the	dune	and	across	the	desert.	“Well	I
enjoyed	reading	his	bio.”	MZ-12	said.	
“MZ	don’t	waste	your	time	on	people	like	that,	stick	with	me	and	I’ll	fill	your
memory	with	knowledge,	now	let’s	go.”
Darth	Bruticus	said.	The	two	walked	across	the	dune	sea	for	what	seemed	to
be	an	eternity,	the	dark	lord	turned	to	the	droid	and	said,	
“Why	 don’t	 you	 return	 to	 the	 ship	 and	 await	 my	 orders….I’ll	 handle	 this
myself.”	 MZ-12,	 the	 custom-built	 Sith	 droid,	 stopped,	 bowed	 and	 said,	 “Yes
sir!	Right	away!”
He	 turned	 around	 and	 ran	 back	 to	 the	 ship.	 The	 sith	 lord	 walked	 over	 the
next	sand	dune	and	lay	on	his	belly,	crawling	in	the	sand	he	used	his	scope
and	saw	what	looked	like	a	cave	dug	out	out	in	the	middle	of	nowhere	and
guarded	 by	 jedi	 guards,	 and	 there	 was	 no	 electronic	 security	 system.	 There
were	two	jedi	guarding	the	entrance,	he	decided	to	wait	until	dark	to	attack
and	fell	back.	Contacting	MZ-12,	he	informed	him	of	the	plan.
Nightfall	came	and	Darth	Bruticus	was	ready,	he	contacted	MZ	telling	him	to
bring	the	ship	in	cloaked,	slowly	to	his	position.	The	dark	lord	ran	down	the
sand	 hill	 swiftly	 and	 silently	 he	 reached	 the	 jedi	 in	 seconds,	 already	 having
his	lightsaber	in	hand	he	ran	foreward,	turning	his	saber	on	and	cut	the	two
jedi	in	half	at	the	midsection.
Moving	 behind	 he	 removed	 their	 heads	 clean	 off	 before	 the	 bodies	 hit	 the
ground.	He	de-activated	the	saber	and	entered	the	cave	quietly	as	if	nothing
happened.	The	dark	lord	came	to	a	small	chamber	where	he	saw	four	more
jedi.
Sensing	 another	 presence	 in	 the	 force,	 the	 sith	 lord	 turned	 quickly	 to	 see	 a
jedi	running	towards	him.	Putting	his	saber	away	and	using	the	force	he	cast
an	 insanity	 spell	 on	 the	 jedi	 who	 ran	 past	 the	 dark	 lord,	 into	 the	 chamber
and	cut	his	fellow	jedi	down	after	which	he	turned	and	faced	the	sith	master,
then	cut	off	his	own	head.
Darth	Bruticus	quickly	searched	the	cave	and	found	nothing	but	water,	so	as
he	 busted	 the	 containers	 he	 searched	 the	 computer’s	 memory	 finding	 out
that	a	jedi	had	made	it	to	the	temple	and	with	the	help	of	the	Republic,	there
was	a	Republic	strike	force	headed	for	Korriban	to	bomb	it.
His	 apprentice	 was	 there!	 He	 threw	 a	 couple	 of	 terminator	 bombs	 inside	 of
the	 cave	 and	 imploded	 it,	 boarding	 the	 ship	 and	 leaving	 the	 planet	 faster

than	he	ever	flown	before.
He	 yelled	 to	 MZ-12,	 “We	 need	 to	 get	 home	 and	 fast!!!	 The	 jedi	 have	 sent	 a
strike	 team	 to	 bomb	 the	 temple!”	 The	 ship	 cleared	 the	 planet’s	 gravational
pull	and	went	into	hyperspace.
After	 many	 hours	 of	 training	 under	 Darth	 Bane,	 the	 wise	 ancient	 dark	 lord
dismissed	him.	Walking	back	to	his	room	he	heard	a	loud	explosion,	followed
by	 another	 and	 another,	 and	 they	 became	 more	 numberous,	 he	 put	 the
holocron	into	his	pocket	and	ran!
Running	 as	 fast	 as	 he	 could	 he	 went	 back	 to	 the	 library,	 smashed	 the
holocron	 case	 and	 grabbed	 every	 single	 holocron	 and	 placed	 them	 into	 a
cloth	 sack.	 The	 bombs	 started	 at	 the	 front	 of	 the	 temple	 and	 was	 blasting
through	the	middleas	the	boy	ran	out	of	the	back	of	the	temple.
A	 final	 bomb	 hit	 nearby	 blasting	 what	 was	 left	 standing	 of	 the	 temple	 to	 a
pile	 of	 rubble	 and	 throwing	 the	 young	 apprentice	 several	 meters	 away	 in	 a
blast	 that	 broke	 his	 back	 and	 sent	 a	 giant	 piece	 of	 marble	 down	 on	 him
crushing	his	body	instantly.
A	few	hours	later	the	dark	lord’s	ship	came	out	of	hyperspace	and	found	half
of	the	republic	fleet.
“We’re	 doomed,	 we	 have	 no	 way	 in	 …every	 way	 is	 blocked	 and…”	 MZ
couldn’t	think	of	anything	else	to	say.	
“We’re	not	doomed	just	calm	down	and	let	me	think.”	The	dark	lord	said	as
he	 rubbed	 his	 chin	 and	 cloaked	 the	 ship.	 Slowly	 he	 advanced	 the	 ship
foreward	 to	 the	 sith	 planet	 and	 sensed	 no	 movement	 below	 and	 that	 the
fleet	was	preparing	to	leave	the	system.
MZ-12	 took	 control	 of	 the	 ship	 and	 flew	 it	 to	 the	 at	 top	 speed	 to	 the
destroyed	 planet	 below.	 Mykalta	 opened	 his	 eyes	 and	 tried	 to	 pull	 himself
out	 of	 the	 rubble,	 but	 the	 blast	 had	 broken	 his	 body,	 he	 was	 too	 weak	 to
move	and	he	was	coughing	up	blood.
Darth	Bruticus	sensed	his	presence	and	landed	the	ship	near	the	boy,	the	dark
lord	ran	to	him	and	pulled	his	body	from	the	rubble,	holding	him	in	his	arms,
Mykalta	spoke.
“You’re…he..here…mmm…my…lord…I…got	 the…holocrons…”	 The	 boy
grabbed	 Bruticus	 by	 his	 collar	 and	 slowly	 gave	 the	 grand	 sith	 master	 the
cloth	bag	and	spoke	his	last	words.	“G…get..them…for..me.”	He	let	go	of	his

master’s	robe	and	let	go	of	his	life	in	the	dark	lord’s	arms.
Darth	Bruticus	lay	the	boy	on	the	ground	and	covered	him	with	a	black	cloak,
as	he	stood	up	the	boy’s	body	disappeared,	the	dark	lord	reached	down	and
grabbed	the	cloak	in	one	hand	and	the	bag	of	holocrons	in	the	other.
MZ	waited	in	the	ship	as	a	republic	starfighter	wing	flew	over	what	was	left
of	the	sith	temple.	The	dark	lord	watched	the	ships	fly	by	and	land	behind	his
own.	 A	 strike	 force	 of	 Jedi	 and	 Republic	 troops	 were	 bearing	 down	 on	 his
location,	he	looked	around	and	saw	more	ships	land	and	deploya	small	army
of	troops,	there	was	no	place	for	him	to	run.
Captain	Arnaga	got	his	troops	as	close	to	the	dark	lord	as	possible.	“It’s	him!”
One	 of	 the	 troops	 said	 as	 the	 Captain	 moved	 closer	 to	 the	 criminal,	 which
was	not	a	safe	place	to	be.
“Darth	 Bruticus!”	 The	 Captain	 yelled	 and	 threw	 electrobinders	 at	 his	 feet.
“Bind	 your	 hands	 and	 feet	 together	 and	 lie	 down	 on	 your	 back	 now,	 or	 we
will	open	fire!”
Bruticus	looked	around	at	his	enemies	one	last	time	and	gave	a	slight	nod	to
MZ-12.	“Where	are	your	jedi,	Captain?…Hiding	as	usual?”
The	 dark	 lord	 yelled	 and	 gave	 an	 evil	 smile.	 “They’re	 here,	 all	 ten	 of	 them”
The	Captain	replied.	“I	won’t	go	quietly	until	they’re	here.”
The	dark	lord	said	as	he	bent	down	and	picked	up	the	binders	and	tossed	a
lightsaber	to	the	Captain,	he	tossed	another	a	few	feet	away.
Captain	 Arnaga	 and	 two	 padawans	 got	 from	 behing	 their	 secured	 positions
and	 walked	 over	 to	 grab	 the	 lightsaber,	 as	 the	 three	 people	 bent	 down	 to
grab	 the	 saber,	 Darth	 Bruticus	 dropped	 the	 binders	 on	 the	 ground,	 the	 men
knew	that	they	had	been	fooled…they	were	dead.
Darth	Bruticus	force	pushed	everyone	within	a	two	hundred	foot	radius.	The
Captain	 and	 the	 jedi	 had	 no	 chance	 of	 surviving,	 they	 were	 thrown	 into	 the
temple’s	 rubble	 that	 was	 showering	 into	 the	 republic’s	 ships	 causing	 major
damage,	 rendering	 them	 all	 unflyable.	 The	 dark	 lord	 force-ran	 to	 his	 ship
and	 blasted	 off,	 burning	 twenty	 soldiers	 and	 four	 jedi	 to	 death	 that	 were
dumb	enough	to	stand	behind	a	ship	waiting	to	take	off.
Admiral	 Paamt	 was	 on	 the	 bridge	 of	 the	 Galactic	 Enforcer,	 a	 republic
destroyer	tracking	the	dark	lord’s	ship	as	it	was	leaving	Korriban.	He	took	the
report	to	his	most	trusted	friend,	Grand	Master	Jedi	Delpa	Gival.
“My	friend,	he	is	leaving	the	planet	and	fast!	Everyone	is	either	severly	injured
or	 dead.”	 The	 Admiral	 said.	 The	 grand	 master	 nodded	 and	 said,	 “I	 would

expect	no	less	from	him,	send	out	every	ship	to	disable	and	intercept.	I	would
rather	capture	Darth	Bruticus	than	kill	him…but	be	extremely	careful,	he	will
not	go	down	without	one	hell	of	a	fight!”
The	pilots	ran	to	their	ships	and	left	the	hangars	but	were	too	late.	The	dark
lord	shot	them	down	and	landed	in	the	hangar.	Bruticus	hopped	out	and	set
a	large	group	of	Sith	Lightning-force	bombs.
Climbing	 into	 his	 ship	 and	 taking	 off,	 MZ-12	 detonated	 the	 bombs	 instantly
after	 they	 were	 clear.	 The	 destroyer	 was	 destroyed	 leaving	 nothing	 behind.
“Good	plan	sir!,	now	let’s	get	out	of	here!”	MZ	said	as	the	dark	lord	held	up
his	hand	and	spoke,	“Wait!”	he	looked	around	again	and	saw	that	they	were
surrounded.
“We’ll	 need	 to	 travel	 in	 time	 to	 get	 away.”	 The	 dark	 lord	 said.	 MZ-12	 went
into	 hyperspace	 as	 Darth	 Bruticus	 activated	 the	 time	 travel	 device	 and
WHOOSH!	They	were	gone.
1,200,000	years	A.B.Y.
	
		Korriban	Space
The	ship	had	been	drifting	in	space	for	awhile	when	Darth	Bruticus	woke	up.
His	droid	MZ-12	had	been	shut	offline	during	the	flight,	he	checked	the	ship
and	everything	was	fine,	he	just	wasn’t	sure	where	he	was…or	when.	He	set
the	ship’s	course	for	Korriban	and	went	into	hyperspace.
Master	 Crepa	 entered	 the	 council	 chambers	 and	 bowed	 to	 the	 masters.
“Masters…I’m	sorry	to	bother	you	but….”	
Crepa	 said	 in	 fear	 and	 started	 shaking.	 “Master	 calm	 down,	 take	 a	 deep
breath	and	relax,	now	what	were	you	saying?”
One	master	said	to	the	frightned	jedi.	Crepa	calmed	herself	and	spoke	again,	
“Grand	 Master	 Depa	 Gival	 has	 become	 one	 with	 the	 force,	 he	 died	 on	 the
bridge	of	the	Galactic	Enforcer,	sent	to	capture	Darth	Bruticus.”
She	 said	 and	 started	 to	 cry.	 “I	 felt	 a	 massive	 ripple	 in	 the	 force	 and	 that’s
what	 caused	 my	 sudden	 shaking.”	 the	 masters	 rose	 to	 their	 feet	 as	 Master
Seaco	Buroc	spoke.	
“We	 will	 investigate	 this	 immediately!	 I	 want	 a	 Jedi	 Strike	 Force	 team
assembled	 now	 and	 we	 will	 join	 them.”	 Master	 Gilda	 stopped	 in	 front	 of
Master	Buroc	and	said,	“You	are	the	Grand	Master	of	the	Jedi	now.”	
She	said	lowering	her	head	“He	would	want	it	that	way.”	she	said	and	lifted
her	 head	 up	 meeting	 her	 eyes	 with	 his.	 Seaco	 Buroc	 nodded	 his	 head	 in
agreement,	“We	need	to	go	now,	no	time	to	grieve.”	He	said	and	walked	out
of	the	room,	as	the	masters	followed	and	prepared	themselves	to	leave.

In	 the	 hangar	 Mac	 Summers	 and	 his	 team	 of	 mechanics	 were	 hard	 at	 work
readying	 the	 Jedi’s	 transporter.	 “Come	 on	 you	 bucket	 of	 bolts!	 I	 could	 have
had	this	done	yesterday	with	one	hand	tied	behind	my	back!”
He	yelled	at	the	droids,	who	stopped	what	they	were	doing	to	look	at	the	old
man	and	listen	to	his	banter.
“What’s	he	talking	about?”	One	droid	asked	another.	“Beats	me,	he’s	always
running	his	mouth.”	The	droid	said	as	another	approached	the	two	and	gave
it’s	two	cents	as	well.
“Complaining	constantly,	it’s	never	ending	with	this	one.”	“If	this	keeps	up	I’ll
jump	 out	 of	 the	 hangar.”	 Another	 droid	 said.	 “You’ll	 kill	 yourself!”	 A	 droid
replied,	as	the	third	nodded	it’s	head	and	said,	
“Yes	 that’s	 the	 whole	 idea.”	 The	 Master	 droid	 mechanic	 said,	 “You	 won’t	 get
that	lucky	with	this	one,	he’ll	just	rebuild	you.”	Mac	came	around	the	corner
of	the	ship	and	yelled,
“I	 heard	 that!	 Get	 back	 to	 work	 before	 I	 request	 newer	 mechanics	 and	 have
all	 of	 you	 recycled!”	 The	 master	 mechanic	 got	 in	 Mac’s	 face	 and	 said,	 “You
wouldn’t	dare!”	Mac	pressed	his	nose	against	the	droid’s	metal	face	and	said,
“Try	 me!”	 They	 went	 back	 to	 work	 cleaning	 up	 as	 the	 Jedi	 entered	 and
approached	the	human	mechanic,	he	bowed	and	spoke	to	them.	
“Your	ship	is	ready,	Masters.”	The	jedi	boarded	the	ship	and	left	the	temple’s
hangar.	It	left	the	planet	and	was	joined	by	Republic	Star	fighters	and	went
into	hyperspace.
Darth	Bruticus	took	the	ship	out	of	hyperspace	and	approached	Korriban,	but
something	looked	different	from	space.	It	looked	like	someone	had	occupied
the	 Sith	 planet…massively.	 As	 he	 made	 his	 decent,	 he	 flipped	 a	 switch	 on
MZ’s	neck	and	the	droid	came	to	life.	
“Who…where	are	we?”	The	droid	asked	looking	around	at	the	dark	lord.	“We
are	entering	Korriban’s	atmosphere…in	the	future.”	The	sith	master	answered.
As	they	cleared	the	atmosphere	a	voice	came	through	the	intercom,
“Welcome	to	Korriban!	You	are	cleared	to	land	on	platform	T-1138.”	MZ-12
landed	the	ship	on	the	platform	that	floated	above	the	ground	and	boarded
a	 transporter	 that	 took	 them	 to	 the	 planet	 below.	 As	 they	 walked	 through
the	city	looking	at	all	of	the	changes,	Darth	Bruticus	noticed	a	black	marble
damaged	castle	in	the	distance	and	grabbed	a	woman	by	her	arm	and	spoke.
“What	the	hell	is	that?”	He	asked	as	the	woman	broke	free	of	his	grasp	and
starting	 yelling	 at	 the	 dark	 lord	 and	 shaking	 her	 finger	 at	 his	 face.	 “I	 don’t
know	what	the	hell	it	is	and	why	are	you	grabbing	me	like	that?
I	didn’t	do	anything	to	you,	you	had	just	better	watch	out!	I’ll	get	my	Big	Jim

after	 you	 and	 he’ll	 choke	 you	 to	 death	 and	 feed	 you’re	 dead	 body	 to	 the
dogs,	and…”	Darth	Bruticus	looked	at	MZ-12	and	rolled	his	eyes	at	the	droid
who	laughed	in	return	and	said.
“Looks	like	you	have	an	admirer,	and	she’s	the	perfect	age	for	you	too!	Old,
haggy,	and	a	threatening	witch!”
The	 droid	 said	 as	 he	 walked	 away.	 The	 woman	 was	 still	 rambling	 on	 and
Darth	Bruticus	hated	ramblers,	he	hated	everything,	he	turned	to	continue	to
listen	 to	 the	 old	 woman	 and	 the	 rest	 of	 the	 prople	 in	 the	 city	 who	 halted
what	they	were	doing	to	hear	the	old	woman’s	banter.
“You	listen	to	me	when	I’m	talking	to	you!”	She	yelled,	leaning	forward	and
trying	to	slap	the	dark	lord	in	the	face	but	he	moved	out	of	the	way,	she	lost
her	balance	and	fell.	Everyone	laughed	at	the	old	woman	including	the	dark
lord	who	got	down	on	his	knees	just	to	laugh	in	her	face.
She	 got	 even	 madder	 and	 after	 a	 few	 minutes	 she	 got	 up	 on	 her	 feet	 and
tried	to	kick	the	dark	lord.	“What’s	going	on	here?!”
A	man	said	as	he	moved	the	crowd	aside	to	get	through.	“He…he…he.”	She
was	 gasping	 and	 trying	 to	 catch	 her	 breath.	 “He	 who?”	 The	 tall	 man	 said,
looking	at	her	oddly	like	she	was	crazy.
“He	made	fun	of	me	and	threw	me	on	the	ground!”	Darth	Bruticus	gave	the
woman	 an	 evil	 look,	 leaned	 over	 whispering	 something	 in	 her	 ear	 and
handed	 her	 a	 knife.	 MZ-12	 being	 curious	 as	 always,	 walked	 over	 to	 his
master.
The	 woman	 started	 screaming	 and	 yelling	 at	 Big	 Jim	 and	 pushing	 him
around.	The	dark	lord	and	his	droid	faded	away	into	the	crowd	and	headed
to	the	darkened	castle.	The	old	woman	let	out	a	loud	shriek	and	stabbed	the
tall	 man	 in	 his	 throat	 and	 dragged	 the	 knife	 down	 to	 his	 waist	 watching	 in
horror	as	his	insides	fell	out.	Two	guards	grabbed	her	and	carried	the	crazy
woman	away.	“Mess	with	me	and	that’s	what	you’ll	get!”	Darth	Bruticus	said
to	his	companion	as	they	hurried	along.
Upon	 arriving	 at	 this	 black	 castle	 there	 were	 sixty	 force-sensitive	 people
fighting	 among	 each	 other,	 some	 had	 lightsabers,	 some	 had	 swords,	 some
had	weapons	that	the	dark	lord	had	never	seen	before,	and	some	used	their
fists.
“Didn’t	we	just	leave	this	party?”	MZ	said	as	they	walked	up	the	stairs.	There

were	 statues	 staggered	 everywhere	 around	 the	 entrance,	 Darth	 Bruticus
leaned	against	one	that	was	four	feet	tall,	he	looked	down	at	the	inscription
on	 the	 base	 of	 the	 statue,	 it	 read:	 In	 memory	 of	 K.K.	 Lucky.	 The	 dark	 lord
looked	at	MZ-12	and	pointed	at	the	statue	and	said,	“Looks	like	K.K.	Lucky…
wasn’t	so	lucky.”
The	 two	 laughed	 and	 Darth	 Bruticus	 force	 punched	 the	 statue,	 it	 crumbled
into	dust	as	they	walked	on.	When	they	got	to	the	top	of	the	stairs	the	droid
grabbed	a	a	man	and	asked,
“Where	is	the	leader?”	The	young	man	stared	at	the	sith	lord	and	answered,
“Master	Alez	is	over	there.”	Pointing	at	an	old	gray	haired	man.	The	dark	lord
approached	 him	 and	 tried	 to	 get	 his	 attention,	 he	 even	 tried	 to	 be	 civil	 and
speak	to	the	man,	but	that	didn’t	work	either.
The	sith	lord	force	pushed	the	man	into	a	group	of	former	jedi	knocking	them
over	 and	 still	 nothing	 happened,	 they	 continued	 fighting.	 MZ-12	 looked	 at
the	dark	lord	who	used	the	force	and	yelled,	“Stop	it!”
Everyone	stopped	fighting	and	looked	at	the	dark	lord,	the	old	man	put	his
fingers	 in	 his	 ears	 to	 soften	 the	 extreme	 loud	 noise.	 “Now	 that’s	 better!”
Bruticus	 said	 as	 he	 stepped	 over	 to	 the	 old	 man	 who	 began	 cursing	 at	 him.
“Who	the	hell	are	you	and	what	do	you	want?”
The	dark	lord	looked	at	him	and	the	others	and	spoke,	“I	am	Darth	Bruticus,
Supreme	 Master	 of	 the	 Sith.”	 The	 old	 man	 looked	 at	 him	 funny.	 “Supreme
Master	 of	 the…what?	 Who	 are	 the	 Sith?”	 he	 asked	 de-activating	 his
lightsaber.	The	dark	lord	looked	at	his	droid	in	wonder	and	back	at	the	old
man.	“The	Sith	are	the	enemy	of	the	Jedi,	for	millennia	we	have	waged	war
against	 each	 them,	 and	 we…the	 Sith…are	 more	 powerful	 than	 the	 narrow
minded,	worthless,	corrupt	Jedi!”
The	old	man	looked	and	listened	to	the	dark	lord	and	shook	his	head.	“No,
I’m	not	interested	in	joining	your	narrow	minded,	worthless,	corrupt	Sith,	so
go	away	and	leave	me	alone!”
Darth	Bruticus	turned	his	back	to	the	old	man	as	he	uncliped	his	lightsaber,
turned	it	on	and	swung	it	down	over	his	head.	The	dark	lord	sensed	his	move
and	used	the	force.	He	turned	around	and	the	man’s	arm	froze	in	mid-air.
“I	guess	you	thought	that	you	were	going	to	kill	me	that	easy?	I’m	not	that
easy	 to	 kill	 and	 certainly	 not	 by	 a	 worthless	 crybaby	 jedi-wannabe.”	 He	 let

his	force	grip	go	of	the	man	and	watched	him	fall	down	on	his	face.
“What’s	wrong,	you	gonna	cry?”	Darth	Bruticus	said	as	the	man	got	up	to	his
feet.	The	man	stood	there	looking	at	the	dark	lord	who	closed	his	eyes	and
spoke,	 “Yes!	 Yes!	 I	 can	 feel	 your	 anger	 and	 your	 hatred!	 Come	 on	 and	 kill
me!”
The	old	man	force	grabbed	his	saber	turned	it	on	and	charged	the	dark	lord.
Darth	Bruticus	opened	his	eyes	and	grabbed	the	jedi’s	hand,	planted	his	head
in	 the	 man’s	 chest	 and	 thrust	 his	 own	 lightsaber	 in	 his	 throat.	 The	 man
started	 choking	 and	 the	 dark	 lord	 put	 up	 his	 hand	 sending	 a	 fireball	 to	 the
man,	 hitting	 his	 chest	 and	 exploding	 him	 in	 bloody	 bits	 that	 showered	 the
fallen	jedi	standing	around	their	so	called	leader.
The	remaining	jedi	stood	still	in	awe,	they	had	never	seen	anything	like	this
before	and	were	fascinated	by	the	power	of	the	sith.	MZ-12	walked	over	to
the	dark	lord	and	said,	“I	think	you’ve	found	your	new	army,	my	lord.”
Darth	Bruticus	walked	around	the	fallen	jedi	and	said	aloud,	“Looks	like	I’ve
found	a	bunch	of	inexperienced	jedi	rejects……..yes	I	have.”	He	approached	a
small	group	and	asked	them,	“Who	wants	to	learn	my	teachings?	Who	wants
to	 destroy	 the	 jedi	 for	 what	 they	 did	 to	 you	 by	 throwing	 you	 out	 of	 the
Order?”
He	looked	around	and	saw	hands	raising	into	the	air,	he	grinned.	“Good,	now
let’s	go.”	He	said	as	a	young	boy	ran	over	and	tugged	at	his	cloak	while	they
were	 walking	 up	 the	 steps	 to	 enter	 the	 castle,	 the	 dark	 lord	 stopped	 and
looked	 down	 at	 the	 boy.	 “Is	 it	 possible	 to	 learn	 that	 power	 that	 you	 did	 on
the	old	man?	the	boy	asked.	
“Not	 from	 a	 jedi….but	 you	 will	 learn	 it	 from	 me.”	 Darth	 Bruticus	 said	 as	 he
placed	his	hand	on	the	boy’s	head	and	read	this	mind.	He	gave	an	evil	smile
and	got	up.	He	led	the	boy	to	the	castle.
	
Korriban	Space
The	 republic	 ships	 came	 out	 of	 hyperspace	 and	 they	 saw	 the	 damage	 that
was	done.	Grand	Master	Jedi	Seaco	Buroc	stood	on	the	bridge	pounding	his
fists	against	the	glass	and	screaming.
“BRUTICUS!	I’LL	GET	YOU	FOR	THIS!	I	WON’T	REST	UNTIL	YOU’RE	DEAD!”

He	hit	the	glass	so	hard	that	it	cracked	it	and	broke	his	hand.	A	few	masters
tried	to	comfort	him	but	he	pushed	them	out	of	the	way	and	headed	to	the
infirmary.	The	jedi	landed	on	Korriban	and	begun	assess	the	damage.
Seventy	 five	 soldiers	 and	 six	 jedi	 perished	 on	 the	 sith	 planet	 and	 every	 ship
was	damaged	in	the	vicinity	of	the	dark	lord’s	attack.
As	the	recovery	crews	scavenged	through	the	rubble	they	found	and	arrested
twelve	 sith	 slaves.	 “Let’s	 take	 them	 to	 the	 destroyer	 and	 await	 the	 jedi’s
orders.”
Commander	Killdeer	said	as	he	and	the	troops	hauled	them	off,	they	entered
a	 troop	 transport,	 secured	 the	 prisoners	 and	 went	 into	 space.	 The	 grand
master	was	walking	around	the	temple	looking	at	the	rubble	and	said,	
“Well	 nothing	 lived…that’s	 good.”	 A	 few	 masters	 looked	 at	 each	 other	 and
couldn’t	 believe	 what	 the	 grand	 master	 said.	 A	 trooper	 stopped	 in	 front	 of
the	jedi	and	said,	“Grand	Master	Buroc,	we	captured	a	dozen	sith	slaves	and
they	are	leaving	the	planet	now	for	interrogation.”
The	jedi	master	looked	at	the	trooper	and	said,	“Where	are	they?	They	are	in
extreme	danger!”	The	grand	master	force	ran	to	a	starfighter,	got	in	and	left
the	planet	in	pursuit	of	the	prisoners.	Followed	by	the	entire	strike	team,	the
ship	was	nowhere	to	be	found.	“Run	a	scan,	I	can’t	find	the	ship	anywhere!”
The	grand	master	ordered.	“Spread	out,	everyone!”	The	ships	deployed	from
the	 destroyer	 in	 addition	 to	 the	 strike	 team’s	 search.	 After	 a	 few	 hours	 a
trooper	contacted	the	jedi.	“Master	Jedi,	I’ve	found	the	ship,	I’m	intercepting
now	sir!”	The	grand	master	yelled,
“NO!	Do	not	intercept,	we	don’t	want	another	missing	soldier!”
	
The	orders	were	given	and	the	Galactic	Destroyer	intercepted	the	missing
ship	using	a	tractor	beam	and	bringing	it	inside	the	ship’s	hangar.	The	ships
were	 recalled	 to	 their	 destinations	 and	 the	 jedi	 landed	 on	 the	 destroyer	 to
deal	 with	 the	 situation.	 Master	 Alana	 called	 for	 the	 Republic	 Elite
Investigators	or	R.E.I.	to	search	the	ship.
As	 they	 arrived,	 the	 ship’s	 doors	 were	 removed	 and	 two	 armed	 brigades
surrounded	 the	 ship,	 three	 R.E.I.	 entered	 and	 immediatly	 left	 as	 the	 mere
sight	made	them	sick.
Master	 Alana	 saw	 Seaco	 Buroc	 and	 ran	 to	 him,	 “The	 Elite	 all	 got	 sick	 after
seeing	the	inside,	but	the	ship	is	clear.”	She	said	to	him	as	he	started	laughing

and	said,	”	They	all	got	sick	but	the	ship	is	clear?	How	would	they	know	that
if	 they	 are	 getting	 sick?	 They	 weren’t	 in	 the	 ship	 long	 enough	 to	 examine
anything!	I’ll	go	take	a	look	and	you	can	come	with	me.”
Alana	 nodded	 her	 head	 and	 walked	 over	 to	 the	 ship’s	 entrance	 as	 Seaco
passed	the	Elite	and	said,	“Wow	that’s	really	chunky!	What	the	hell	did	you
eat	 today?	 I’ll	 bet	 it	 tasted	 better	 going	 down!”	 He	 said	 as	 the	 Elite	 started
throwing	up	once	again.
When	 Master	 Buroc	 got	 to	 the	 entrance	 Alana	 spoke,	 “Do	 you	 delight	 in
saying	things	like	that?”	Master	Seaco	said,	“Let’s	go.”	as	he	entered	the	ship.
Alana	 followed	 behind	 him	 and	 they	 turned	 to	 the	 right	 and	 saw	 a	 naked
trooper	staked	to	the	wall,	his	clothes	ripped	off	of	him,	blood	all	over	the
walls	and	floor.
Master	Alana	covered	her	mouth	and	left	the	ship.	The	grand	master	closed
his	 eyes	 and	 held	 up	 his	 hand	 over	 the	 trooper	 and	 started	 to	 meditate,	 he
could	hear	Commander	Killdeer	speaking	to	him.
“We	are	all	dead…….they	killed	Master	Jedi……..bring	them	to	justice	so	that
we	 may	 rest	 in	 peace.”	 The	 voice	 said	 as	 it	 faded	 away,	 the	 jedi	 opened	 his
eyes	and	spoke,
“We	will	bring	them	to	justice	son,	I	will	see	to	it	personally	as	Grand	Master
of	the	Jedi	Order,	you	have	my	word	on	that.”	He	closed	his	eyes	again	and
heard	 the	 soldiers	 speaking	 together,	 “Thank	 you	 Grand	 Master………thank
you.”
The	 voices	 faded	 away	 once	 again	 and	 the	 jedi	 continued	 his	 search	 and
investigation,	he	tried	not	to	slip	and	fall	in	the	blood	puddles	as	he	made	his
way	to	the	cockpit.
Both	 pilots	 were	 dismembered	 in	 a	 bloody	 mess	 on	 the	 floor,	 there	 was	 no
way	to	identify	them	at	all.	Seaco	spoke	into	his	comlink,	
“Send	 in	 the	 investigation	 droids	 in	 here	 at	 once,	 maybe	 we	 can	 get
something	done	other	than	getting	everyone	sick,	and	tell	them	to	be	careful,
there’s	 blood	 everywhere.”	 The	 jedi	 walked	 around	 the	 entire	 ship	 and	 saw
that	the	entire	crew	was	killed	violently…why?	he	wondered.
As	 he	 was	 leaving	 the	 ship	 he	 saw	 a	 message	 written	 in	 blood	 on	 the	 wall.
The	 droids	 flew	 in	 and	 started	 taking	 pictures	 and	 video	 of	 everything.	 The
grand	master	stopped	and	was	staring	at	the	message	when	a	droid	ran	into
the	jedi.

“Are	 you	 ok	 sir?”	 The	 droid	 said.	 Buroc	 came	 out	 of	 a	 trance	 and	 smiled	 at
the	droid.	“Yes	I’m	finished	here.”	He	said	leaving	the	ship.	the	droid	looked	at
the	 wall	 and	 read	 the	 message	 aloud,	 “Just	 a	 little	 present	 to	 the	 jedi	 from
Darth	Bruticus!!”
	
1,200,002	Years	A.B.Y.
Valley	of	the	Sith,	New	Korriban	Temple
Two	 years	 had	 passed	 since	 Darth	 Bruticus	 had	 offered	 his	 teachings	 to	 the
fallen	jedi,	they	had	all	accepted	the	dark	lord’s	offer	after	seeing	his	wrath
on	one	of	their	own.	Now	there	were	forty	five	hundred	apprentices.	The	dark
lord	 refused	 to	 promote	 anyone	 to	 the	 rank	 of	 master	 so	 early	 in	 their
training.
Instead	he	had	travelled	across	time	and	summoned	a	few	masters	that	were
very	 loyal	 to	 him	 and	 the	 Sith	 and	 brought	 them	 to	 train	 the	 apprentices.
They	 were	 the	 most	 deadliest	 sith	 masters	 to	 ever	 live.	 The	 dark	 lord	 had
such	notable	sith	as:	Lord	Scin,	Darth	Lucratis,	Darth	Tabah,	and	Darth	Xycus.
With	 these	 masters	 the	 sith	 would	 cover	 the	 galaxy	 in	 darkness.	 If	 they	 all
survived	he	would	take	them	back	to	his	own	time	and	wage	war	against	the
jedi	in	his	own	time.	Darth	Bruticus	was	walking	around	the	temple	gazing	at
the	classrooms	and	watching	the	various	men	and	women	training.
He	sat	down	to	rest	as	Darth	Lucratis	saw	him	and	was	walking	toward	the
sith	supreme	master.	“You	are	a	very	hard	man	to	find.”	Darth	Lucratis	said	as
he	sat	down	next	to	the	dark	lord.	
Darth	Bruticus	patted	him	on	the	back	and	said,	“How	does	the	training	go?
Well	I	presume?”	Darth	Lucratis	nodded	and	said,	“Yes,	they	learn	faster	than
anyone	I’ve	ever	taught	before,	I’ve	even	called	for	more	sith	slaves	to	assist
me	in	their	training,	they	should	be	here	in	a	few	hours.	Bruticus	nodded	his
head	and	replied,	“Good!	Good!”	He	shut	his	eyes	and	started	to	meditate	as
Darth	Lucratis	got	up	and	walked	away.
He	 received	 a	 message	 from	 his	 slaves	 who	 got	 away	 and	 went	 into	 hiding.
Using	 the	 force	 across	 space	 and	 time	 Darth	 Bruticus	 smiled	 and	 laughed
aloud,	 he	 opened	 his	 eyes	 and	 looked	 around,	 no	 one	 was	 around	 and	 the
dark	 lord	 closed	 his	 eyes	 once	 again	 and	 concentrated	 on	 sending	 a	 new
message	 for	 the	 slaves	 to	 carry	 out.	 Something	 to	 keep	 the	 new	 Grand
Master	Seaco	Buroc	in	suspense!
	

Jedi	Temple,	Naboo
	
Grand	 Master	 Jedi	 Kalana	 sat	 in	 the	 council	 chamber	 all	 day	 by	 herself
thinking,	wondering,	meditating	on	where	the	fallen	jedi	had	gone	to.	It	was
like	the	darkside	had	gotten	stronger	or	maybe	she	had	gotten	weaker.
It	wasn’t	in	the	jedi’s	nature	to	kill	a	jedi	who	had	fallen	from	the	light	unless
he,	 she	 or	 they	 had	 become	 a	 threat	 to	 them.	 Out	 of	 all	 the	 six	 temples
throughtout	 the	 galaxy,	 not	 one	 jedi	 had	 ever	 heard	 of	 the	 sith	 in	 over	 a
million	years	except	herself	and	she	was	getting	very	tired	of	being	a	Grand
Master	Jedi	over	three	hundred	fifty	thousand	jedi,	she	wanted	to	get	away
for	quite	awhile…maybe	even	leave	the	Order	entirely.
“Master	Kalana	come	quick!	Look	at	this!”	A	youngling	said	as	he	entered	the
council	chamber	and	interrupting	her	meditation.	“John,	I	thought	I	told	you
to	get	on	with	you’re	studies,	I	am	trying	to	calm	down	and	have	some	time
to	myself	and	you	are	not	helping	me.
Now	 what	 is	 so	 important	 that	 you	 have	 to	 barge	 in	 here	 and	 bother	 me?”
She	 said.	 john	 looked	 down	 at	 his	 feet	 and	 mumbled,	 “Nothing	 I	 guess,”	 He
turned	around	and	walked	out	of	the	room.	Kalana	nuzzled	herself	back	into
her	chair	and	using	the	force	she	locked	the	doors	and	was	getting	comfy	in
her	 chair	 when	 the	 intercom	 started	 buzzing,	 she	 let	 out	 a	 deep	 breath	 and
said.	
“Yes,	 now	 what?”	 A	 woman’s	 voice	 spoke,	 “I’m	 very	 sorry	 to	 bother	 you,
Grand	 Master	 but	 John	 has	 had	 an	 accident.”	 Master	 Kalana	 sat	 still	 in	 her
chair	and	didn’t	move.
“What	now?	Did	he	trip	over	his	feet	again?”	The	jedi	asked.	“No	master,	he
jumped	off	of	the	balcony	and	fell	to	his	death.”	The	woman	said.	“It’s	about
time,	 I	 got	 tired	 of	 his	 constant	 complaining.”	 Kalana	 said	 as	 she	 sat	 in	 the
chair	and	played	with	her	hair.
“What	 did	 you	 say	 Master?”	 The	 voice	 asked.	 “I	 said	 I’ll	 be	 right	 down.”	 The
jedi	 master	 said	 and	 fell	 asleep.	 Seconds	 turned	 into	 minutes	 and	 minutes
turned	into	hours	as	the	grand	master	jedi	slept,	after	a	few	hours	a	jedi	used
the	 force-explosion	 on	 the	 doors	 and	 showered	 the	 grand	 master	 with	 the
remains.	 He	 entered	 the	 council	 chamber	 and	 found	 Kalana	 asleep	 on	 the
floor.	 The	 jedi	 guardian	 ran	 over	 and	 woke	 her	 up.	 “Who…wha…what
happened?”	 She	 said	 as	 the	 jedi	 helped	 her	 up,	 “Where	 was	 I	 supposed	 to

go?”	She	asked	fixing	her	hair	and	straightening	her	robes.	The	jedi	guardian
said.
“You	were	supposed	to	see	to	John,	who	committed	suicide!”	Master	Kalana
stood	up	and	said,
“Oh	 yeah!,	 now	 I	 remember,	 that	 little	 worthless	 crybaby	 bastard	 couldn’t
take	it	so	he	hopped	off	of	the	rail	and	became	one	with	the	force.	Is	there
anything	else?”	The	group	of	jedi	looked	around	at	each	other	and	the	senior
jedi	was	about	to	speak	when	the	grand	master	spoke	again.	“Look…	that’s
all	 I	 deal	 with	 anymore…..suicides,	 murderers……it’s	 getting	 old	 and	 I’m
tired	 of	 it.	 I’ve	 made	 up	 my	 mind,	 I’m	 stepping	 down	 as	 the	 Grand	 Master
Jedi.”	 The	 jedi	 looked	 at	 her	 in	 horror	 as	 she	 walked	 by	 and	 headed	 for	 the
lifts.
The	 jedi	 masters	 followed	 her	 and	 spoke,	 “But	 you	 can’t!”	 They	 all	 said	 at
once.	Kalana	held	up	her	hand	and	stopped	the	jedi	in	their	tracks	and	said,
“Dont	 try	 and	 stop	 me!	 If	 you	 follow….I’ll	 kill	 each	 and	 every	 one	 of	 you!”
She	 turned	 around,	 got	 on	 the	 lift	 and	 headed	 to	 the	 hangar.	 The	 former
grand	 master	 exited	 the	 lift	 and	 entered	 the	 hangar,	 looking	 around	 for	 a
ship	she	couldn’t	decide	which	one	to	pick.	The	PX-300	starfighter	was	a	ship
that	most	jedi	chose	to	fly,	or	she	could	pick	the	RT-1200.
It	was	a	ship	that	most	jedi	chose	not	to	fly	due	to	it’s	electrical	breakdown.
Instead	she	chose	her	personal	starfighter,	The	AM-421	it	could	defend	itself
from	any	ship	in	the	galaxy.	Kalana	entered	the	ship	as	fifty	jedi	ran	into	the
hangar,	 she	 fired	 two	 Raptor	 4X	 missiles	 at	 the	 group	 and	 flew	 out	 of	 the
hangar	and	toward	space.
Master	Zune	used	the	force	and	turned	the	projectiles	around	and	they	locked
on	to	the	starfighter	and	flew	away	toward	the	former	grand	master.	Flying
over	the	woods	of	Naboo,	the	master’s	ship	caught	the	missiles	on	radar	and
automatically	 increased	 it’s	 speed	 and	 out	 ran	 them	 as	 they	 fell	 to	 the
ground	and	exploded	in	the	woods,	she	continued	on	her	way.
	
1,000,000	yrs.	ABY
Jedi	Temple,	Coruscant
Seaco	 Buroc	 lay	 awake	 in	 bed	 wondering	 how	 Darth	 Bruticus	 or	 his	 slaves
attacked	armed	troops.	the	sith	slaves	weren’t	known	to	obtain	the	powers	of

the	 dark	 at	 least	 not	 the	 power	 to	 murder	 Republic	 Troops.	 He	 got	 out	 of
bed,	 bathed,	 got	 dressed	 and	 left	 his	 room,	 walking	 around	 the	 temple	 he
still	could	not	believe	that	he	was	the	new	grand	master	and	his	lifelong	best
friend	was	gone.
As	he	walked	he	saw	some	masters	patrolling	the	halls	in	search	of	curious
padawans	 that	 try	 to	 sneak	 out	 of	 their	 rooms.	 He	 looked	 up	 and	 saw	 the
stars	in	the	sky,	“I	can’t	believe	that	I’m	the	new	grand	master	.”	Seaco	said	to
himself,	 “I	 just	 can’t	 believe	 it.”	 He	 looked	 around	 again	 and	 saw	 Master
Alana	looking	for	him,	he	tried	to	duck	behind	the	rail	but	it	didn’t	work.	She
saw	him	and	began	running.	She	slowed	herself	down	and	finally	stopped	in
front	of	the	grand	master.
“You	 again?	 If	 I	 wanted	 a	 secretary	 or	 a	 messenger	 I	 would	 have	 contacted
the	 Senate.”	 Seaco	 said	 sarcastically	 to	 her.	 “Oh	 ha,	 ha,	 ha,	 that’s	 really
funny.”	Alana	replied	catching	her	breath.	“Our	spies	have	indicated	that	the
sith	 slaves	 are	 on	 Ansion	 and	 Ilum.	 I’ve	 summoned	 two	 strike	 teams	 of	 six
troops	each,	they	are	assembled	and	ready	to…”	She	was	cut	off.
“So	tell	me	something,	you’ve	assembled	twelve	troops	to	hunt	down	twelve
sith	 slaves	 that	 brutally	 killed	 twelve	 troops	 and	 Commander	 Killdeer	 who
has	over	forty	years	experience	in	the	Republic	Navy?	What	part	of	that	don’t
you	understand?	How	long	have	you	been	a	jedi	master?	Because	you	don’t
act	like	you	know	anything.”	Master	Alana	turned	around	and	walked	away.
“Stop!”	 He	 said,	 she	 turned	 around	 and	 had	 tears	 in	 her	 eyes	 and	 running
down	 her	 face	 and	 it	 didn’t	 fool	 Seaco.	 “If	 you	 are	 going	 to	 cry	 because	 of
what	I	said	then	think	of	this,	you’re	sending	those	troops	into	the	slaughter.
First	 you	 ask	 me	 or	 the	 council	 and	 get	 input	 on	 the	 subject.	 Second	 you
summon	the	troops,	then	you	get	the	proper	intel	that	they	need	to	complete
the	 mission,	 then	 you	 deploy	 them.	 Finally	 you	 send	 them	 to	 attack.	 There
are	many	steps	you	need	to	properly	complete	a	mission,	we	don’t	just	bomb
the	 hell	 out	 of	 them	 and	 come	 home	 and	 celebrate.	 Do	 you	 understand
now?”
The	grand	master	said	softly.	“Yes	Grand	Master,	I	understand	and	I’m	sorry.”
Master	Alana	replied.	Seaco	put	his	hand	on	Alana’s	shoulder	and	said.	“Now
come	on	and	I’ll	buy	you	something	to	eat.”	Alana	looked	at	him	funny	and
said,	 “Master,	 the	 food	 here	 is	 free.”	 She	 said	 seriously.	 The	 grand	 master
laughed	 and	 replied,	 “Yes	 I	 know…it’s	 a	 figure	 of	 speech.”	 A	 surprised	 look

appeared	on	her	face,	“Oh,	ok…of	course	master…let’s	go	then.”	She	said	and
they	walked	the	hall	to	the	cafeteria.
	
1,200,002	yrs	ABY
Sith	Temple,	Korriban
	
Darth	bruticus	ran	to	the	Lightsaber	Training	Area,	he	entered	and	saw	Lord
Scin	holding	four	students	six	feet	in	the	air.	“Ah	force	choke,	that’s	one	of	my
favorites!”	
The	 grand	 Master	 said	 as	 he	 leaned	 against	 a	 wall	 eating	 a	 piece	 of	 fruit.
“You	think	that	you	can	kill	me?”
Lord	 Scin	 said	 dropping	 the	 students	 and	 walking	 over	 to	 the	 other	 side	 of
the	room.	He	took	off	his	shirt	and	set	it	on	the	floor,	as	some	of	the	students
stared	 at	 the	 sith	 tattoos	 and	 lightsaber	 scars	 on	 his	 chest	 and	 back	 and
gasped	aloud.
He	unclipped	two	dual	lightsabers	and	turned	them	on.	Every	student	in	the
room	gasped	for	no	one	had	ever	seen	a	red	dual	lightsaber,	let	alone	two	of
them!	The	Area	training	droids	ran	to	Darth	bruticus	and	asked,	“Aren’t	you
going	 to	 intervene?”	 One	 asked	 him.	 The	 grand	 master	 shook	 his	 head	 and
spoke,	 “No	 it’s	 Lord	 Scin’s	 choice	 and	 his	 class,	 if	 someone	 gets	 out	 of	 line
then	 it	 is	 up	 to	 him	 to	 deal	 with	 it	 and,	 if	 you	 don’t	 listen	 to	 his	 specific
instructions…”	 Darth	 Bruticus	 said	 as	 the	 droids	 ran	 out	 of	 the	 room.	 Lord
Scin	 started	 spinning	 the	 lightsabers	 and	 he	 threw	 the	 two	 of	 them	 at	 the
students.	 One	 saber	 took	 their	 heads	 off	 and	 sent	 them	 rolling	 across	 the
floor,	 and	 the	 other	 saber	 cut	 them	 through	 their	 torsos	 before	 they	 could
even	turn	on	a	lightsaber.	The	sabers	flew	around	the	room	as	the	rest	of	the
students	 dropped	 to	 the	 floor,	 or	 watched	 in	 horror	 as	 the	 sabers	 did	 their
master’s	bidding.
They	 returned	 to	 Lord	 Scin’s	 sides	 and	 turned	 themselves	 off	 as	 he	 clipped
them	back	to	their	positions	and	grabbed	his	shirt	and	put	it	back	on.	“Now,
do	 you	 want	 to	 learn	 or	 screw	 around?”	 Lord	 Scin	 asked	 as	 Darth	 Bruticus
walked	 over	 to	 his	 friend	 and	 finished	 his	 sentence.	 “You’re	 dead!”	 The	 sith
grand	 master	 left	 and	 went	 to	 see	 how	 Darth	 Lucratis	 was	 doing	 with	 his
slaves	that	just	arrived.
~	~	Two	Days	Later	On	Coruscant	~	~

	
The	 Jedi	 Council	 was	 in	 the	 chancellor’s	 office	 discussing	 the	 disturbing
subject.
“We	cannot	alert	the	Senate	or	the	public	about	the	current	events	that	have
happened,	if	word	does	get	out,	then	many	enemies	will	take	advantage	and
attack.”	
The	 chancellor	 said	 as	 he	 slowly	 sat	 down	 in	 his	 chair	 and	 took	 a	 drink	 of
water.	“Water	anyone?”	he	asked.	
The	jedi	all	shook	their	heads.
“I	 think	 we	 should	 notify	 the	 other	 councils,	 and	 the	 other	 grand	 masters
need	to	know	of	this	terrible	incident.”	
Chancellor	 Ashcraft	 said,	 leaning	 back	 in	 his	 chair.	 “I’ve	 known	 that	 woman
since	she	awas	a	small	girl	and	never	knew	her	to	hold	a	grudge	or	get	upset
at	anyone….something	evil	is	at	work	here,	I	don’t	know	what	to	do.	
The	Chancellor	added.
	
1,200,002	yrs.	ABY
Sith	Temple,	Korriban
	
Darth	Bruticus	rose	from	his	hoverchair	and	spoke	to	the	other	masters.	“My
friends…I	have	summoned	you	here	because	you	are	the	best,	the	deadliest,
and	worth	of	the	name	Sith.	You	all	make	up	the	new	council	with	me	as	it’s
head.”	 He	 stood	 as	 if	 he	 went	 into	 a	 trance	 and	 tilted	 his	 head	 back,	 he
started	 levitating	 as	 some	 of	 the	 other	 sith	 masters	 looked	 around	 at	 each
other	like	they	had	never	seen	anything	like	that	before.
Darth	Lucratis	smiled	and	said,	“He’s	thinking.”	The	grand	master	opened	his
eyes	and	spoke	in	a	demonic	voice.	
“We	 will	 be	 known	 as	 The	 New	 Brotherhood	 of	 Darkness.”	 Darth	 Bruticus
floated	to	the	floor	and	spoke	again,	
“The	 jedi	 are	 well	 too	 organized	 and	 too	 numberous	 for	 us	 to	 take	 on	 and
survive.	 Master	 Tavion	 and	 Master	 Lilith	 are	 training	 all	 of	 the	 apprentices,
Master	Tabah	has	a	plan	that	will	hit	the	Republic	on	Naboo	and	hard!	Lord
Scin	is	heading	to	our	citidel	on	Kolasta	in	wild	space	with	a	few	of	our	best
warriors	 to	 establish	 ourselves	 there.	 Master	 Noraa	 is	 off	 on	 a	 mission	 to
recruit	a	few	old	allies	of	the	Sith.
Space	outside	Naboo

Kalana	 left	 Naboo	 and	 went	 into	 hyperspace,	 she	 contacted	 no	 one	 on	 the
way,	 instead	 set	 a	 course	 for	 the	 Hoth	 system,	 a	 remote	 snowy	 planet	 that
the	jedi	had	no	presence	at.	In	a	few	hours	she	arrived	at	her	destination	and
took	the	ship	out	of	hyperspace.
Immediatly	 Kalana	 searched	 for	 any	 other	 vehicles	 in	 the	 area	 She	 noticed
that	 two	 Republic	 Spies	 were	 following	 her	 at	 a	 great	 distance,	 but	 not	 so
great	that	she	couldn’t	pick	them	up,	she	knew	that	they	were	there	and	she
had	a	trap	for	them.	
The	ship	entered	the	planet’s	atmosphere	as	the	spies	reported	their	progress
in.	 “Hold	 your	 position	 and	 wait	 for	 the	 fleet	 to	 arrive.”	 A	 voice	 said	 to	 the
man.	“Yes	sir!”	They	replied	back	and	held	their	positions.	Kalana	landed.
	
1,000,000	yrs.	ABY
Jedi	Temple,	Coruscant
	
Grand	 Master	 Seaco	 Buroc	 sat	 in	 his	 best	 friend’s	 room	 looking	 around,	 he
had	tried	for	hours	to	sleep	but	could	not.	The	jedi	lay	down	and	stared	out
of	 the	 windows,	 it	 was	 gloomy	 and	 raining.	 As	 he	 was	 drifting	 off	 to	 sleep,
Grand	Master	Gival’s	spirit	appeared	and	sat	down	on	the	bed	and	watched
his	 friend	 sleep.	 “You	 should	 really	 try	 to	 get	 some	 sleep,	 my	 friend.”	 Gival
said	as	Seaco	Buroc	woke	up	and	fell	out	of	bed	onto	the	floor.
“You?!	 What	 are	 you	 doing	 here?”	 he	 said.	 Gival	 laughed	 and	 helped	 his
friend	to	his	feet	using	the	force	and	said.	“I’m	here	to	help	you	capture	Darth
Bruticus	 but…”	 Seaco	 looked	 at	 the	 jedi,	 rubbed	 his	 eyes	 and	 looked	 again.
“Yes	 it’s	 me	 and	 I’m	 not	 a	 mirage…or	 I	 don’t	 think	 that	 I	 am,	 anyway	 I’ve
come	 to	 tell	 you	 that,”	 Gival	 didn’t	 get	 to	 finish	 his	 sentences	 as	 the	 grand
master	 joker	 continued	 on.	 “Yes	 I	 remember	 you	 saying	 that	 you’re	 here	 to
help	us	capture	Darth	Bruticus	and	then	you	said	but…but	what?”
Master	Buroc	stated	as	he	walked	to	the	window	as	it	slid	open	accessing	him
the	balcony.	He	walked	outside	in	the	rain	and	looked	around	Coruscant.	“So
much	 has	 happened	 since	 you’re…..death	 and	 I	 don’t	 think	 I	 can	 accept	 the
rank	of	Grand	Master	of	The	Order.”	
Seaco	said	looking	up	at	the	sky	and	letting	the	rain	soak	his	head	and	face.
Gival	walked	over	to	comfort	his	friend,	he	sat	down	in	a	chair	and	said.	“You
can	do	it	my	friend,	it	is	you’re	duty	as	a	jedi	to	do	so,	look	at	all	of	the	ones
that	who	look	up	to	you	now.

The	younglings,	padawans,	jedi	knights,	and	masters	who	will	look	to	you	for
guidance	 as	 they	 live	 and	 die	 by	 their	 sworn	 oath	 to	 protect	 this	 galaxy.	 If
you	 deny	 this	 position	 that	 has	 been	 passed	 to	 you…..the	 jedi	 will	 be	 no
more,	and	I	know	in	my	heart	that	you	don’t	want	that.
”	Seaco	shook	his	head,	rubbed	his	chin	and	spoke,	“So	what	were	you	going
to	say	about	Darth	Bruticus?”	Gival	knelt	in	front	of	him	and	said,	“He	is	no
longer	in	this	time,	he	has	dissappeared	as	if	he	was	erased	from	existence.	I
felt	his	force	aura	one	moment	and	then	the	next	moment….it	was	gone.”	
Master	Buroc	stood	up	and	wiped	the	water	from	his	face	and	said,	“How	can
that	be?	How	do	you	know	this?”	The	spirit	stood	up	and	placed	his	hand	on
Seaco’s	shoulder	“The	power	of	the	force.”	he	replied	and	smiled	as	he	slowly
faded	away.	The	grand	master	was	once	again	standing	in	the	rain	alone.
	
Industrial	District,	Coruscant
	
It	was	dark,	quiet	and	nearly	deserted	in	the	cantina.	Jarsa	had	just	sat	down
and	ordered	a	drink	when	a	hooded	figure	got	up	from	his	seat	and	walked
over	to	the	man	at	the	bar.	
“I	hear	that	you	are	the	best	bounty	hunter	in	the	galaxy.”	Jarsa	nodded	and
replied,	“Yes	that’s	the	word,	and	I’m	not	cheap.”	the	figure	sat	down	next	to
him	and	said,	“This	job,	if	you	take	it	will	pay	you	more	than	you	have	ever
earned	before.”	The	bounty	hunter	looked	at	the	man	and	asked,	
“How	 much?”	 The	 man	 placed	 a	 card	 on	 the	 bar	 in	 front	 of	 Jarsa.	 “I’ll	 give
you	this	as	a	down	payment,	and	there’s	much	more	when	the	jobs	are	done.”
The	 man	 said	 drinking	 his	 Jawa	 Juice.	 Jarsa	 scanned	 the	 card,	 two	 hundred
fifty	million	creds.
“Hmm,	 ok	 you’ve	 got	 my	 attention,	 what	 do	 you	 want	 me	 to	 do?”	 he	 said
getting	 up	 from	 the	 bar	 and	 went	 to	 sit	 with	 the	 man	 at	 a	 table.	 “When
communicating	you	will	address	me	as	Lord	Tabah.	I	have	a	holoprojection	of
this	 person	 that	 I	 want	 exterminated.”	 He	 pulled	 a	 small	 device	 from	 his
pocket,	set	it	on	the	table	and	turned	it	on.	A	holo	of	a	person	appeared	and
Tabah	spoke	again,	“Can	you	kill	this	person?”	
Jarsa	 sat	 back	 in	 his	 chair	 and	 stared	 at	 the	 holo	 figure	 for	 a	 moment.	 He
sipped	his	drink	as	Lord	Tabah	snapped	his	fingers,	the	bartender	came	over
with	 an	 unknown	 black	 wine	 bottle	 and	 two	 glasses.	 He	 poured	 the	 two	 of

them	 a	 drink.	 He	 handed	 a	 glass	 to	 Jarsa	 and	 watched	 him	 sip	 the	 wine.	 It
was	 very,	 very	 smooth	 and	 didn’t	 burn	 as	 he	 swallowed	 it	 down,	 it	 tasted
fruity	 and	 was	 the	 most	 excellent	 tasting	 wine	 he	 had	 ever	 had.	 He	 set	 the
glass	down	and	leaned	forward	and	said.
“Yes	I	can	kill	this	person,	but	two	fifty	will	not	be	enough	to	do	the	job.”	The
hooded	figure	pulled	another	card	from	his	pocket	and	threw	it	at	Jarsa	who
once	again	scanned	it.	
“You’re	 giving	 me	 one	 billion	 two	 hundred	 fifty	 million	 creds	 as	 a	 down
payment?”	 he	 whispered.	 Lord	 Tabah	 nodded	 his	 head	 and	 drank	 the	 wine.
“You	finish	the	job	and	a	few	side	jobs	and	I’ll	pay	you	a	big	bonus.”	the	man
said	 as	 the	 bounty	 hunter	 grabbed	 his	 glass	 and	 downed	 the	 drink.	 Jarsa
nodded	and	said,	“You	need	me,	you	just	call	and	I’ll	be	there.”
Lord	Tabah	stood	up	and	bowed	to	the	bounty	hunter.	“Thank	you	Jarsa	Fett
for	your	help,	and	you	may	keep	the	wine.”	Lord	Tabah	said	as	he	turned	and
walked	to	the	cantina’s	exit.	“Wait!”	Jarsa	yelled	as	he	caught	up	to	the	man,
holding	the	bottle	in	his	hand.	“What	kind	is	it?”	he	asked.
Lord	Tabah	turned	to	face	him	and	said,	“The	Skull	and	The	Saber…..and	it’s
half	 a	 million	 years	 old.	 I’ll	 contact	 you	 very	 soon.”	 He	 said	 walking	 away.
Fett	 stood	 at	 the	 entrance	 way	 and	 watched	 Tabah	 until	 he	 faded	 into	 the
night.	He	left	the	cantina	for	his	ship.	“Master	it	is	done!”	the	man	said	in	his
intercom.	“Good!	Good!	Now	it’s	time	for	the	next	phase	of	the	plan,	return
home	Darth	Tabah,	you	have	done	well!”
	
Sith	Temple,	Korriban
	
Darth	Lucratis	entered	the	hangar	and	saw	that	his	slaves	had	arrived.	He	got
closer	 and	 noticed	 that	 his	 slaves	 had	 brought	 some	 new	 faces.	 “Who	 are
they?”	 He	 asked.	 “They	 are	 refugees	 and	 slaves	 from	 Corellia.”	 A	 sith	 slave
said	and	bowed	to	his	master.	“Line	them	all	up,	now!”
Lucratis	said	as	the	slave	bowed	once	again	and	ran	over	to	give	his	master’s
orders	to	the	others.	While	the	refugees	and	slaves	were	lining	up,	in	walked
Captain	Halm.	
He	was	a	former	officer	in	the	Republic	Navy	who	abandoned	them	and	now
serves	 the	 Sith.	 Darth	 Scin	 had	 returned	 for	 some	 supplies	 and	 approached
Darth	Lucratis.	

“Can	I	borrow	your	slaves	for	a	moment	to	stock	the	supply	ships?”	Lord	Scin
asked.	The	dark	lord	nodded	and	replied,	“Go	ahead	Darth	and	put	that	idiot
to	work	as	well.	
He	 pointed	 to	 Captain	 Halm	 and	 ordered	 everyone	 to	 load	 the	 ships	 but	 he
made	the	Captain	do	most	of	the	work.	A	few	hours	later	the	supplies	were
loaded	 and	 Lord	 Scin	 was	 on	 his	 way	 to	 another	 citidel	 somewhere	 in	 the
galaxy.
Darth	Lucratis	once	again	had	the	slaves	and	refugees	line	up,	everyone	did
what	 they	 were	 told	 except	 Halm.	 He	 started	 complaining	 about	 his	 body
aching	and	he	needed	a	massage	and…“Silence!”	Darth	Lucratis	yelled.	
Walking	 to	 the	 front	 of	 the	 line	 he	 saw	 everyone	 obeyed	 except	 Halm.
“Captain,	 get	 in	 line!	 You’ll	 get	 food	 and	 rest	 soon	 enough.”	 The	 dark	 lord
said	as	he	paced	back	and	forth.
“NO!”	 someone	 yelled.	 The	 dark	 lord	 walked	 over	 to	 the	 Captain.	 “Did	 you
say	 something	 to	 me?”	 The	 dark	 lord	 asked.	 The	 captain	 looked	 up	 at	 him
and	said,	“No	General,	it	wasn’t	me.”	
Darth	Lucratis	shook	his	head	at	Halm	and	said,	“It’s	Darth,	not	General.”	The
captain	 once	 again	 spoke	 sarcastically	 at	 the	 dark	 lord.	 “I’m	 sorry	 Admiral
for	 the	 misunderstanding	 Colonel,	 it	 will	 never	 happen	 again	 Sargeant,	 is
that	okay	with	you	Major?”
Darth	 Lucratis	 turned	 and	 started	 pacing	 across	 the	 floor	 as	 the	 Corellian
refugees	 and	 slaves	 stood	 in	 line	 before	 him.	 He	 walked	 the	 line	 back	 and
forth	again	and	again,	he	was	doing	it	on	purpose	to	trap	the	first	one	that
slipped	 up	 and	 they	 were	 his.	 Captain	 Halm	 couldn’t	 stand	 still,	 he	 was	 a
very	 arrogant	 and	 impatient	 man,	 he	 had	 no	 idea	 why	 the	 dark	 lord	 was
holding	 them	 up	 like	 this	 .	 As	 Darth	 Lucratis	 walked	 by	 again,	 the	 Captain
spoke,	
“Sir,	I	don’t	know	what	this	is	about	but,	I’m	tired,	hungary,	and	my	feet	hurt.”
The	 dark	 lord	 stopped	 and	 gave	 Halm	 an	 evil	 look.	 “Your	 all	 dismissed,
follow	the	sith	slaves,	they	will	show	you	to	your	quarters,	except	you	Halm.”
The	 slaves	 cleared	 the	 room	 quickly	 as	 Darth	 Lucratis	 stood	 in	 front	 not
taking	his	eyes	off	of	Captain	Idiot	as	he	spoke	again,	“Sir	I	don’t	know	what
this	is	about	or	what	everyone	told	you	about	me,	stop	staring	at	me	like	a
starving	krayt	dragon,	if	you’re	going	to	do	so	then	do	it,	and	stop	standing
so	damn	close	to	me.”	The	dark	lord	got	in	the	man’s	face	and	said,	
“What	did	you	say	to	me?”	The	Captain	force	pushed	the	dark	lord	across	the
room	 and	 yelled,	 “You	 stink	 too	 you	 smelly	 bastard!”	 That	 was	 it,	 Lord

Lucratis	 had	 enough	 with	 the	 Captain	 and	 squeezed	 his	 index	 finger	 and
thumb	together,	raised	his	hand	into	the	air	as	Halm	levitated	five	feet	off	of
the	floor	and	started	choking.	
Darth	 Lucratis	 slowly	 walked	 over	 to	 the	 man	 and	 brought	 him	 down	 and
using	the	force,	keeping	him	standing	at	attention,	the	sith	lord	leaned	into
the	 Captain	 and	 said,	 “Now	 you	 die!”	 The	 captain	 started	 shaking	 and
foaming	 at	 the	 mouth	 as	 the	 dark	 lord	 tightened	 his	 grasp	 of	 the	 man’s
throat.	Captain	Halm	was	so	frightened	that	he	urinated	in	his	pants.
Darth	 Lucratis	 looked	 down	 and	 saw	 that	 he	 was	 standing	 in	 a	 puddle	 and
his	 feet	 were	 wet.	 He	 force	 threw	 Halm	 across	 the	 room	 and	 into	 a	 marble
wall,	he	slid	down	to	the	floor	and	slowly	got	up	on	his	feet	and	spoke	softly,
“Is	that	all	you	got?	you	move	slower	than	a	pregnant	bantha	you	worthless
excuse	 for	 a	 sith	 lord.”	 Darth	 Bruticus	 was	 in	 the	 hangar	 overseeing	 the
freighters	being	loaded	with	supplies.	He	felt	a	flutter	in	the	force	and	yelled
to	Lord	Scin	as	he	ran	away,	“I	must	go!	Lord	Lucratis	is	in	danger!”	Lord	Scin
and	 Darth	 Tavion	 both	 felt	 it	 as	 well	 and	 followed	 the	 grand	 master.	 Darth
Lucratis	walked	toward	the	Captain	at	a	quickened	paceas	the	man	pulled	a
small	 cylinder	 from	 his	 pocket	 and	 threw	 it	 at	 the	 dark	 lord.	 As	 the	 device
got	 within	 a	 few	 feet	 from	 Darth	 Lucratis	 it	 turned	 on	 and	 was	 a	 green
lightsaber!
The	dark	lord	had	no	time	to	move,	he	tried	to	put	his	hands	in	front	of	his
face	and	deflect	the	saber	from	hitting	his	face	but,	POW!!	The	lightsaber	hit
the	sith	in	the	face	and	burned	his	hands	and	cut	his	fingers	off.
He	fell	to	the	floor	and	didn’t	move,	the	Captain	used	the	force	and	brought
the	saber	to	his	hand.	He	stood	over	the	sith	lord	and	raised	the	green	blade
ready	to	strike	and	said,	“No!	It’s	you	that’s	going	to	die!”
The	 blade	 came	 down	 and	 got	 within	 a	 few	 inches	 of	 Darth	 Lucratis’s	 head
and	burned	his	hair	and	suddenly	the	Captain	flew	back	into	a	marble	pillar
and	 didn’t	 move.	 His	 lightsaber	 flew	 up	 into	 the	 air,	 as	 it	 came	 down	 Lord
Scin	 stood	 underneath	 with	 his	 saber	 activated,	 he	 swung	 and	 the	 jedi
lightsaber	exploded	in	a	bright	green	ball	of	fire.	Darth	Tavion	used	the	force
and	contained	the	blast	as	Lord	Scin	force	threw	the	ball	at	the	fallen	jedi.
Darth	 Bruticus	 knelt	 down	 and	 checked	 on	 his	 friend	 as	 he	 spoke	 into	 a
comlink,	“Get	a	medical	unit	here,	now!”	He	looked	up	and	saw	that	the	two
dark	 lords	 were	 having	 fun	 with	 the	 fallen	 jedi.	 The	 fireball	 hit	 the	 jedi	 and
exploded	his	body	on	contact	sending	bits	and	pieces	raining	down	on	Darth
Tavion	who	tried	to	cover	his	face	but	was	too	late.	Lord	Scin	laughed	while
Darth	Tavion	was	picking	pieces	of	jedi	out	of	his	hair.	Darth	Tavion	had	just

about	enough	with	Scin’s	brutal	tactics	and	he	had	begun	thinking	of	ways	to
rid	everyone	of	the	sith	lord.
The	 medical	 droids	 arrived	 and	 began	 to	 move	 Darth	 Lucratis	 out	 of	 the
room.	 The	 dark	 lords	 followed	 as	 Darth	 Bruticus	 looked	 around	 at	 the	 jedi
remains.	 A	 droid	 spoke	 to	 the	 grand	 master	 as	 he	 was	 walking	 to	 the
infirmary.
“Something	 I	 can	 do	 sir?”	 Darth	 Bruticus	 stopped	 and	 said,	 “Clean	 up	 that
mess.”	 The	 droid	 bowed	 and	 said,	 “I	 will	 at	 once	 Lord	 Bruticus!”	 The	 droid
walked	over	and	started	cleaning	as	the	dark	lords	escorted	Darth	Lucratis	to
the	infirmary.
	
Industrial	District,	Coruscant
	
A	hooded	figure	entered	the	cantina	and	looked	around,	another	figure	was
sitting	in	the	corner	having	a	drink	and	watching	the	holonews.	The	standing
figure	walked	over	and	sat	down	as	the	other	figure	let	down	their	hood,	it
was	a	young	man	who	said,	
“Well,	well,	Grand	Master	Kalana,	what	brings	you	to	a	place	like	this?	You’d
better	 be	 careful,	 you’ll	 get	 your	 fingernails	 dirty	 in	 here	 and	 it’s	 no	 place
for…someone	 like	 you.”	 Kalana	 sipped	 the	 man’s	 drink	 and	 said,	 “I’m	 no
longer	a	jedi,	I	left	The	Order.”
The	man	laughed	long	and	hard	and	almost	fell	out	of	his	chair.	“You	are	still
a	 jedi.	 You’ll	 have	 to	 prove	 to	 me	 that	 you	 are	 no	 longer	 one	 of	 their
worthless	scum	and	that	will	be	no	easy	task	to	show	me.”
He	said	still	laughing.	Kalana	stood	up,	she	had	heard	enough	of	his	mouth.
She	walked	outside	as	the	man	rose	from	his	seat	and	followed	her,	outside
she	spotted	the	two	ships	that	were	following	her.
The	 former	 grand	 master	 of	 the	 jedi	 held	 out	 her	 arms	 and	 clapped	 her
hands	 together,	 the	 two	 spy	 ships	 bumped	 together,	 exploded	 and	 crashed
into	a	building.	Kalana	turned	her	head,	looked	at	the	man	and	said,	“How’s
that	for	proof?”	The	man	laughed	and	said,	
“That’s	your	proof?	You	are	a	grand	master	for	more	than	twenty	years	and
that’s	 all	 you	 can	 come	 up	 with?	 I	 thought	 that	 you	 would	 bring	 every
building	 down	 along	 with	 those	 two	 ships,	 wrecking	 havoc	 and	 driving	 fear
and	 terror	 into	 the	 hearts	 and	 minds	 of	 those	 people	 out	 there…I	 am	 very
disappointed	in	you.

You	have	shown	me	that	a	true	jedi	is	nothing	more	than	a	slave	to	her	own
order	 and	 will	 be	 anything	 more	 than	 exactly	 that.	 Hell	 for	 all	 I	 know	 you
could	have	staged	that	little	stunt.”
Kalana	walked	to	her	ship	and	boarded,	the	man	walked	over	to	the	cockpit
as	she	spoke,	“So	how	do	you	propose	that	I	prove	myself	to	you?”	The	man
gave	her	a	holocard	and	said,	
“Go	 to	 this	 planet	 and	 get	 a	 different	 ship,	 then	 go	 to	 this	 address	 on
Coruscant,	 tell	 no	 one	 and	 stop	 being	 so	 damn	 obvious…now	 go!”	 He	 said,
secretly	 placing	 a	 tracking	 device	 on	 her	 ship	 and	 walked	 back	 into	 the
cantina,	Kalana	set	the	coordinates	and	headed	for	space.	The	man	watched
the	ship	take	off	and	pulled	a	comlink	from	his	pocket.
“Lord	Bruticus,	I	have	made	contact	with	the	grand	master	and	I’m	currently
tracking	her.	There	were	no	complications,	all	is	going	as	planned.”	The	man
said	pulling	his	hood	over	his	head.	
“Excellent	work	Lord	Scin!	Keep	me	updated!”	Bruticus	said	as	he	turned	the
comm	off	and	looked	over	at	his	friend	in	the	infirmary.	“Good	news!	Darth
Lucratis,	you	are	going	to	live,	but	there	will	be	some	complications.”	He	said,
laughing	so	hard	that	he	fell	out	of	the	chair	and	onto	the	floor,	he	got	up
and	went	to	get	his	chair.	
The	dark	lord	sat	up	in	bed	giving	Darth	Bruticus	an	evil	look	and	said,	“O	do
shut	up	you	bantha,	flattery	will	get	you	nowhere.”	Lucratis	said	as	his	friend
started	laughing	again.	The	wounded	sith	used	the	force	and	pulled	the	chair
away	 as	 Lord	 Bruticus	 went	 to	 sit	 down,	 he	 fell	 on	 the	 floor	 and	 Darth
Lucratis	died	laughing	as	his	friend	lie	spralled	out	on	the	floor.
Jarsa	 Fett	 came	 out	 of	 hyperspace,	 flying	 to	 his	 destination	 his	 hologram
beeped,	 he	 put	 the	 controls	 on	 auto	 and	 answered,	 “Yes?”	 A	 hooded	 figure
appeared	and	said,	
“Well	 Fett	 I	 have	 a	 small	 job	 for	 you	 if	 you’re	 up	 to	 it.”	 Jarsa	 nodded	 and
said,	 “I’m	 armed	 and	 ready,	 just	 say	 the	 word.”	 The	 dark	 lord	 gave	 him
detailed	instructions	on	what	to	do	and	ended	the	transmission.	Fett	changed
his	course,	left	the	planet	and	went	into	hyperspace.	
If	 Tabah	 wanted	 a	 show	 then	 he	 would	 give	 him	 one,	 and	 he	 would	 never
forget	it.	The	bounty	hunter	sat	back	in	his	seat	and	carefully	planned	out	his
method	of	attack,	and	then	went	to	sleep.	The	autopilot	took	the	ship	out	of
hyperspace	and	landed	it	on	top	of	an	abandoned	building	in	the	industrial
district	on	Coruscant.	The	sun	was	setting	and	it	was	the	day	before	the	event
was	to	take	place.

Fett	 woke	 and	 exited	 the	 ship,	 activating	 his	 jetpack	 he	 flew	 to	 the	 Senate
and	 met	 with	 a	 senator	 that	 gave	 him	 further	 instructions.	 Leaving	 he
contacted	the	man	and	gave	him	the	instructions	to	do	the	job	that	Fett	paid
him	for.
Kalana	landed	on	Ilum,	a	planet	that	she	knew	very	well.	She	had	gathered
crystals	here	and	made	thousands	of	jedi	lightsabers	over	the	years.	Arriving
at	her	destination,	she	changed	her	clothes,	cut	her	hair,	switched	ships	and
left	the	planet.	
Heading	 to	 her	 second	 destination	 to	 carry	 out	 her	 orders,	 a	 hologram
appeared	and	greeted	her.	“I	see	that	you’ve	decided	to	move	on	to	the	next
step…you	 must	 hate	 the	 jedi	 or	 you	 would	 not	 be	 here,	 or	 you	 have
something	else	up	that	jedi	sleeve	of	yours.”	
The	man	said.	“Like	I	said	before,	the	jedi	will	pay	for	their	incompetance	and
stupidity.	What	I	do	now	is	of	my	own	free	will…and	your	help.”	She	said	to
him.	“Excellent,	everything	is	ready	to	go	as	soon	as	you	arrive,	I	can’t	wait
to	see	what’s	in	store	for	the	jedi!”
The	man	said	as	the	hologram	faded.	Kalana	contacted	an	old	friend	of	hers
and	 gave	 him	 instructions	 to	 carry	 out,	 she	 would	 arrive	 soon	 and	 the	 jedi
would	pay.
	
Jedi	Temple,	Naboo
	
Master	 Rias	 was	 taking	 a	 group	 of	 younglings	 to	 the	 temple	 from	 a	 trip	 to
the	 Grand	 Jedi	 Temple	 on	 Naboo.	 As	 the	 ship	 entered	 the	 hangar	 and	 the
students	 got	 out,	 Rias	 felt	 a	 ripple	 in	 the	 force	 and	 turned	 around	 to	 see	 a
Republic	 Refueler	 fly	 into	 the	 hangar	 and	 explode,	 killing	 everyone	 in	 that
part	of	the	temple	including	himself	and	the	younglings.
Pieces	 of	 the	 temple	 fell	 on	 the	 innocent	 jedi	 standing	 below	 and	 crushing
them	 to	 death	 as	 well.	 Holonews	 bots	 were	 interviewing	 the	 Senator	 from
Ansion	on	the	entrance	steps	of	the	jedi	temple,	along	with	one	hundred	jedi
who	joined	him	for	the	grand	occasion.	
A	 ship	 dived	 as	 the	 senator	 gave	 his	 speech,	 he	 looked	 up,	 pointed	 and
yelled,	 “LOOK!”	 It	 was	 too	 late,	 the	 ship	 crashed	 into	 the	 podium	 and
exploded	at	the	entrance	doors	of	the	temple	killing	senators,	jedi,	civilians,
and	 severly	 damaging	 the	 temple	 on	 Coruscant.	 Lord	 Scin	 walked	 to	 Darth

Bruticus’s	quarters,	he	knocked	and	entered,	upon	entry.
He	saw	ten	sith	masters	sitting	around	a	table,	some	were	communicating	to
people	with	comlinks,	some	had	holograms,	it	looked	like	a	war	room.	Darth
Bruticus	 walked	 over	 to	 Lord	 Scin	 and	 Darth	 Tabah,	 and	 motioned	 for	 the
two	of	them	to	leave	the	room	to	talk.	
Outside	 the	 room	 the	 sith	 grand	 master	 updated	 the	 two	 masters	 on	 the
current	 situations,	 what	 was	 to	 come,	 and	 what	 had	 transpired	 at	 the	 jedi
temple	on	Coruscant.
“Everything	is	going	perfectly	and	no	one	suspects	that	the	Sith	are	behind	it
all!	Hell	they	have	never	heard	of	us	to	begin	with!	There	will	be	no	one	to
stop	us	this	time	my	friends,	but	I	must	return!”	Lord	Bruticus	said.
Kalana	 flew	 to	 Coruscant,	 as	 she	 approached	 the	 planet	 the	 Republic	 Fleet
was	guarding	the	large	city.	She	tried	to	cloak	the	ship	but	they	already	knew
of	 her	 location	 and	 were	 on	 their	 way	 to	 intercept,	 she	 was	 busted.	 A
hologram	appeared	and	spoke	to	her,	
“Kalana	you	are	under	arrest	for	the	bombings	of	the	Jedi	Temple.”	Her	ship
was	 heavily	 escorted	 to	 the	 surface	 below	 where	 she	 was	 arrested	 and
heavily	sedated	to	keep	her	from	attacking	the	soldiers.
Her	ship	was	taken	en	route	to	be	searched	but,	that	didn’t	happen,	shortly
after	 their	 departure	 it	 exploded	 killing	 four	 soldiers,	 two	 jedi	 and	 severly
damaging	 the	 ship’s	 hangar.	 Grand	 Master	 Naan	 was	 walking	 from	 the
Rememberance	Room	when	he	grabbed	his	chest	and	nearly	fell	over.	Trying
to	keep	from	fallling	over,	he	heaned	against	a	stone	pillar	and	slid	down	on
to	the	floor.	
His	 heart	 slowed	 it’s	 racing	 beats	 down	 as	 he	 closed	 his	 eyes	 and	 began	 to
meditate.	Through	the	force	he	saw	the	bombing	of	the	temple	on	Coruscant,
and	 that	 it	 wasn’t	 Grand	 Master	 Kalana	 that	 was	 behind	 the	 attacks	 but
something	else…something	very,	very	evil.
Lord	Scin	sat	in	the	council	chambers	with	Darth	Bruticus	discussing	what	was
to	 happen	 next.	 “The	 apprentices	 are	 with	 Master	 Lazur	 at	 the	 Citidel,	 and
soon	will	begin	the	next	part	of	the	plan.”	Lord	Scin	said	looking	out	of	the
windows	and	watching	the	acid	rain	fall.	
“Lovely	day	isn’t	it?”	Darth	Bruticus	said	tossing	a	piece	of	fruit	in	his	mouth.
Lord	 Scin	 sat	 down	 at	 the	 table	 and	 turned	 on	 a	 holomap	 of	 the	 galaxy.
“Studying?”	Darth	Bruticus	asked	sitting	down	next	to	the	dark	lord.	“No,	I’m
just	looking.”	Lord	Scin	replied	looking	over	at	him.

Darth	Bruticus	closed	his	eyes	and	the	room	went	black,	the	young	sith	sat	up
in	his	chair	wondering	what	was	going	on,	the	grand	master	began	floating.
He	 opened	 his	 eyes	 and	 the	 room	 lit	 up	 once	 again,	 he	 whispered,	 “I	 know
where	she	is….”	The	dark	lord	waited	awhile	as	Darth	Bruticus	stared	at	the
wall	 and	 finally	 spoke.	 “She	 will	 be	 sent	 to	 Neimoidia.”	 Lord	 Scin	 gave
Bruticus	an	odd	look	and	said,	“Neimoidia?	There’s	nothing	on	that	disgusting
planet.”
The	 grand	 master	 leaned	 forward	 in	 his	 chair	 and	 said,	 “Exactly,	 nothing…
nothing	to	distract	the	landing	of	a	highly	trained	Sith	lord,	and	nothing	to
keep	 him	 from	 hunting	 her	 down!”	 Lord	 Scin	 stood	 and	 said,	 “Yes	 I	 will	 go
and	 it	 will	 be	 quick.”	 Darth	 Bruticus	 turned	 off	 the	 holomap	 and	 followed
Lord	Scin	as	he	walked	out	of	the	room	and	spoke	again	to	the	sith	master.”
Send	 some	 slaves	 to	 do	 the	 job	 instead.”	 the	 dark	 lord	 turned	 around	 and
asked,	“What?	Why?”	Darth	Bruticus	said	nothing	but	nodded	at	him.	
“Ah!	I	see!	Yes	that’s	a	great	idea!	To	take	the	heat	off	of	the	Sith	if	there	is
any,	 we	 will	 congregate	 them	 on	 the	 planet	 and	 when	 the	 jedi	 go
there…..excellent	idea	my	friend!”	The	dark	lord	said.
	
Jedi	Temple,	Courscant
	
MZ-12	 was	 hard	 at	 work	 on	 the	 citidel	 temple,	 he	 had	 three	 hundred	 Sith
slaves	 working	 on	 four	 others	 throughout	 the	 galaxy.	 “Repairs,	 repairs,
repairs!”	the	sith	droid	said	as	he	and	a	few	apprentices	were	supervising	the
workers	that	were	unloading	supplies	from	Korriban.	
“Come	 on,	 let’s	 get	 going!	 This	 place	 will	 be	 occupied	 soon	 and	 we	 need	 to
work	 as	 fast	 as	 possible!”	 MZ	 said	 as	 he	 deployed	 the	 worker	 droids.	 Ten
freighters	 were	 in	 the	 hangar	 as	 hundred	 of	 thousands	 of	 droids	 were
ordered	to	their	tasks.	“This	will	be	done	in	no	time	and	then	we’re	off	to	the
next	one.”	
An	 apprentice	 said	 taking	 a	 group	 of	 droids	 to	 his	 destination.	 “A	 great
advantage	 that	 we	 have	 is	 that	 the	 entire	 citidel	 is	 underground,	 and	 there
are	 no	 vents	 to	 release	 steam	 into	 the	 air.	 The	 recyclers	 keep	 re-using	 the
waste	 and	 air,	 so	 no	 one	 will	 know	 that	 we	 are	 here,	 the	 dark	 side	 clouds
everything!”	
Another	apprentice	pointed	out.	MZ-12	patted	the	students	on	the	back	and
said,	“I	admire	you’re	knowledge	of	the	temple	and	I	have	something	else	to

add	as	well.”	
The	 students	 leaned	 in	 close	 waiting	 for	 the	 droid	 to	 speak.	 “GET	 BACK	 TO
WORK!”	 he	 yelled	 as	 the	 two	 of	 them	 covered	 their	 ears	 and	 ran	 back	 to
work.	 A	 holographic	 intercom	 started	 beeping	 as	 the	 sith	 droid	 picked	 it	 up
and	pushed	a	button.
Darth	 Bruticus	 appeared,	 “How	 is	 it	 going?”	 he	 asked.	 MZ-12	 looked	 at	 his
datapad	and	replied	to	his	master.	“Two	days	my	lord,	then	we	move	on	to
the	next	one.”	The	grand	master	nodded	and	said,	
“Good!	Keep	me	informed	on	the	progress	and	tell	me	what	you	need	at	the
next	site.”	Darth	Bruticus	said	as	the	hologram	disappeared.	MZ	returned	to
his	work	on	the	temple,	preparing	for	war.
Day	 became	 night	 as	 Darth	 Kamenwati	 sat	 on	 the	 top	 of	 the	 Sith	 temple
looking	 up	 at	 the	 stars	 and	 planets.	 “Lovely	 night	 isn’t	 it?”	 The	 dark	 lord
turned	and	saw	Darth	Bruticus	standing	behind	him	holding	two	glasses,	he
sat	down	and	handed	him	a	drink.
“Jawa	 Juice?”	 he	 asked	 as	 the	 master	 took	 the	 drink.	 “When	 I	 was	 a	 young
boy	I	could	sit	all	night	and	watch	the	night	sky	until	the	sun	came	up.”	Darth
Kamenwati	 said	 sipping	 his	 drink.	 Darth	 Bruticus	 looked	 up	 at	 the	 sky	 and
back	down	to	the	sith	master.	
“I	 never	 had	 the	 chance	 to	 do	 anything	 like	 that,	 my	 master	 never	 allowed
me	 any	 free	 time,	 hell	 I’ll	 bet	 I	 have	 more	 lightsaber	 training	 than	 the
masters	 in	 the	 temple	 put	 together.”	 Darth	 Bruticus	 downed	 his	 drink	 and
threw	the	glass	over	the	side	of	the	temple,	got	up	and	walked	away.
Darth	Kamenwati	followed	the	grand	master	into	the	temple	and	came	upon
a	 group	 of	 students	 arguing.	 Darth	 Bruticus	 turned	 to	 the	 sith	 master	 and
said,	 “I’ll	 leave	 you	 to	 deal	 with	 this.”	 The	 students	 were	 fighting	 over	 who
was	better	at	using	the	dark	side	of	the	force.	
Darth	 Kamenwati	 didn’t	 say	 a	 word,	 he	 walked	 over	 to	 the	 one	 who	 was
doing	 all	 of	 the	 talking	 and	 force	 threw	 him	 through	 the	 balcony	 rail.	 The
mouthy	 boy	 fell	 a	 couple	 of	 hundred	 feet	 down	 and	 landed	 on	 his	 head.
SPLAT!!	Was	the	only	sound	that	was	heard.	All	of	the	students	gasped	and
backed	 away	 from	 the	 sith	 master,	 he	 looked	 down	 and	 saw	 that	 his	 head
smashed	open.
Darth	 Noraa	 appeared	 and	 stood	 looking	 over	 his	 fellow	 master’s	 shoulder,
looking	down	he	said,	“His	head	looks	like	that	smelly	fruit	that	Lord	Bruticus
stuffs	his	face	with	now	and	then.”	Darth	Kamenwati	chuckled	and	turned	to
see	the	sith	master	standing	behind	him.	“Yes	it	does,	and	all	of	this	work	is

making	me	hungary,	let’s	go	eat!”	he	said	and	the	two	masters	walked	away.
Lord	Scin	walked	to	his	quarters,	as	he	entered	he	saw	a	group	of	slaves	hard
at	 work.	 They	 had	 unpacked	 his	 things	 and	 hung	 his	 personal	 items	 on	 the
walls.	“It’s	perfect!	Now	I	have	a	job	for	each	of	you.”	He	said	as	they	stopped
what	they	were	doing	and	stood	surrounding	the	sith	lord.
“You	 each	 will	 be	 assigned	 a	 planet	 and	 when	 you	 arrive	 I	 will	 give	 you
further	 instructions	 on	 what	 you	 should	 do.	 You	 will	 answer	 to	 me	 and	 no
one	 else,	 do	 you	 understand?”	 he	 asked.	 The	 slaves	 all	 nodded	 and	 bowed
but	did	not	speak.	“Get	what	you	need	and	see	me	in	the	hangar,	now!”	Lord
Scin	said	as	they	hurried	along.	
The	 dark	 lord	 quickly	 changed	 his	 robes,	 ate	 and	 put	 on	 his	 lightsaber
harness.	 Leaving	 his	 room	 he	 ran	 into	 Darth	 Bruticus.	 “Did	 you	 see	 Darth
Kamenwati’s	Sith	Resolve?”	he	asked.	“No,	what	went	on?”	Lord	Scin	asked.	
“He	 pushed	 a	 student	 through	 the	 balcony	 rail	 and…..splat!	 Right	 on	 his
head.	Darth	Noraa	said	the	mess	looked	like	some	of	the	fruit	that	I	eat.”	The
grand	master	said	laughing.	“I	LOVE	THIS	PLACE!”	he	yelled	and	stretched	out
his	 arms.	 Lord	 Scin	 started	 to	 laugh	 and	 said,	 He’s	 probably	 right,	 how	 the
hell	do	you	eat	that	stuff?
It	 looks	 like	 something	 that	 someone	 threw	 up	 and	 is	 squishy	 like	 bantha
poodoo.	Did	your	mother	feed	that	to	you	as	punishment?”	Darth	Bruticus	let
out	a	loud	laugh	and	was	laughing	harder	that	his	friend.	Lord	Scin	suddenly
stopped	laughing	and	gave	the	grand	master	an	evil	look	and	said.	
“I	have	two	questions,	where	did	you	get	it	and	what	did	you	put	it	in?”	Darth
Bruticus	patted	him	on	the	shoulder	and	replied,”	I’ll	never	tell…	at	least	not
while	 I’m	 alive!”	 Lord	 Scin	 stepped	 away	 from	 the	 dark	 lord	 when	 Darth
Tavion	 opened	 his	 door,	 popping	 his	 head	 outside.	 “So	 where	 are	 we	 going
Lord	Scin?”	he	asked.	“I’m	going	to	kill	someone	that	can’t	keep	their	mouth
shut,	before	she	tells	of	our	existence,	want	to	come	along?”
Darth	Tavion	stuck	his	head	back	inside	his	room	as	Darth	Bruticus	spoke	to
Lord	 Scin.	 “Not	 a	 lot	 was	 known	 about	 Lord	 Tavion,	 some	 say	 he	 was	 a
hermit,	 leaving	 only	 when	 he	 had	 to.	 My	 master	 spoke	 of	 him	 on	 occasion
and	after	his	death,	I	sought	him	out.”
The	 dark	 lord	 looked	 out	 of	 his	 room	 again	 and	 saw	 the	 grand	 master
leaning	against	the	wall,	“That	looks	like	a	comfy	position,	are	you	holding
the	wall	up?”	he	asked.	Darth	Barticus	shook	his	head	and	replied,	“What	is
this,	Pick	on	the	Grand	Master	Day?”	A	student	came	running	down	the	hall
and	stopped	in	front	of	Darth	Bruticus.	Out	of	breath,	he	tried	to	speak.

“Sorry	to	bother	you	Grand	Master…”	The	boy	didn’t	get	to	finish.	Lord	Scin
knew	 what	 was	 wrong	 and	 started	 running,	 “Let’s	 go!”	 he	 said	 and	 the	 two
masters	ran	with	the	boy	following	close	behind.	As	they	came	to	a	dead	end
the	 boy	 turned	 to	 the	 left	 and	 continued	 running	 to	 the	 lifts	 as	 the	 two
masters	force	leapt	over	the	rail	to	the	floor	fifty	feet	below.
Lord	Scin	activated	his	lightsabers	in	mid	air	and	landed	on	the	floor	without
losing	 a	 step,	 Darth	 Bruticus	 shortly	 behind	 the	 sith	 master	 activated	 his
saber	as	well	and	both	ran	for	the	front	entrances.	Darth	Tavion	came	out	of
his	 room	 and	 the	 two	 masters	 were	 gone,	 he	 felt	 the	 danger	 and	 ran	 after
the	two	masters.	The	Sith	apprentices	were	fighting	what	seemed	to	be	Jedi
because	of	their	blue	and	green	colored	lightsabers,	they	had	no	force	powers
but	were	cutting	down	the	apprentices	left	and	right.
A	woman	came	around	the	corner	and	almost	cut	Lord	Scin	across	his	chest,
but	he	sensed	her	coming	and	jumped	over	her	as	she	ran	under	him.	Darth
Bruticus	ran	into	the	woman	and	plunged	his	saber	into	her	chest	and	force
threw	her	into	the	wall	breaking	every	bone	in	her	body	and	dropping	her	to
the	floor.	
Lord	 Scin	 landed	 on	 the	 floor	 and	 saw	 that	 there	 was	 one	 hundred	 foes
attacking	 twenty	 apprentices.	 Darth	 Bruticus	 put	 his	 fingers	 to	 his	 lips	 and
whistled,	 it	 was	 loud	 and	 got	 the	 attention	 of	 every	 enemy	 in	 the	 temple.
Some	of	the	foes	started	running	at	the	sith	masters	when	a	pack	of	Sith	Hell
Hounds	ran	into	the	great	hall	and	started	attacking	them.	“That	should	even
the	odds	a	little!”	
Lord	Scin	yelled	as	he	and	Darth	Bruticus	started	running	toward	the	group
of	men	that	were	charging	toward	them.	The	grand	master	thrust	his	saber
into	 a	 man	 and	 rammed	 his	 shoulder	 into	 the	 mouth	 of	 another	 as	 he	 ran
down	the	men	like	grass.
Lord	Scin	head	butted	the	biggest	man	and	force	pushed	him	into	his	allies	as
they	held	their	sabers	high	and	cut	him	to	pieces,	showering	the	others	with
carterized	pieces	of	their	friend.	
Darth	Tavion	force	jumped	over	the	rail	at	a	group	of	apprentices	that	were
tired	 from	 the	 fighting	 and	 were	 quickly	 retreating	 as	 he	 landed	 in	 front	 of
them	 and	 ran	 his	 saber	 down	 through	 the	 top	 of	 a	 woman’s	 head.	 The
hounds	were	feasting	on	the	attackers	alive,	dead.	
The	 battle	 was	 so	 gory	 that	 the	 foes	 began	 to	 get	 sick	 and	 were	 giving	 up,
but	 they	 didn’t	 know	 that	 these	 Sith….don’t	 take	 prisoners!	 They	 were	 ran
through	 whether	 they	 were	 armed	 or	 not	 or	 they	 became	 food	 for	 the

hounds.
The	 attack	 winded	 down	 and	 Darth	 Kamenwati	 found	 himself	 against	 two
attackers	 that	 were	 very	 formidable	 with	 a	 lightsaber.	 The	 dark	 lord	 stood
with	his	saber	off	giving	the	men	an	evil	look,	one	took	a	step	forward	and
jumped	 in	 the	 air	 to	 do	 a	 spinning	 attack	 as	 the	 other	 ran	 toward	 the	 sith
master.	Darth	Kamenwati	stood	still	and	at	the	last	second	he	moved	to	his
left	and	force	pushed	the	spinning	man	into	his	friend,	he	got	stabbed	in	the
back	as	the	other	was	sliced	in	pieces	and	the	hounds	finished	the	rest.
The	remaining	masters	assembled	in	the	great	hall	as	a	man	standing	by	the
entrances	 threw	 an	 object	 at	 the	 group,	 a	 glass	 cube.	 “An	 old	 way	 of
communication,”	 Darth	 Tavion	 said	 as	 he	 broke	 the	 cube	 open	 and	 read	 the
note:	We	know	of	your	existence!	~	~	Master	Jedi	Acropa.
Darth	Bruticus	turned	to	Darth	Noraa	and	Darth	Tavion	and	said	two	words,
“Kill	 him!”	 Lord	 Noraa	 bowed	 his	 head	 and	 the	 two	 sith	 masters	 force	 ran
after	the	Jedi.	Darth	Scin	walked	over	to	Darth	Bruticus	and	said,	”	So	Lord
Tavion	 is	 a	 man	 of	 mystery?”	 he	 asked.	 The	 grand	 master	 nodded	 and
replied,	“Yes…great	mystery	Lord	Tavion	is	covered	in.
He	is	the	only	Sith	to	never	train	an	apprentice	as	far	as	I	know.”	The	grand
master	said.	“Then	how	did	the	knowledge	get	passed	on?”
Lord	Scin	asked.	“I’m	not	sure,	I	know	when	my	master	learned	of	him	it	took
many,	many	years	to	track	him	down	and	understand	what	he	was	about.	I
do	know	a	couple	things	about	Darth	Tavion.	He	is	an	excellent	master	of	the
sword	 and	 saber,	 and	 he	 is	 very	 knowledgeable	 about	 Sith	 history.”	 Darth
Bruticus	said.

A	few	hours	had	passed	as	the	two	sith	lords	were	on	their	way	to	Coruscant.
“So	how	did	it	feel	to	kill	that	jedi	scum?”	
Lord	Scin	asked.	Darth	Tavion	shrugged	his	shoulders	and	said,	“I	don’t	know,
I	let	Darth	Noraa	kill	him,	the	boy	just	toyed	with	him	until	he	was	so	tired	he
couldn’t	fight	any	longer.	He	dropped	his	lightsaber	and	fell	to	his	knees,	put
his	 hands	 together	 and	 bowed,	 the	 dark	 lord	 stood	 over	 him	 and	 dealt	 the
fatal	blow.”	
Lord	Scin	gave	an	interesting	look	to	Lord	Tavion	and	asked,	“Well…give	me
the	 bloody	 details,	 you	 know	 I	 live	 for	 that	 kind	 of	 stuff.”	 Darth	 Tavion
laughed	 and	 sat	 down	 next	 to	 him	 and	 said,	 “He	 used	 force	 storm	 and
started	roasting	him	like	a	piece	of	meat	and	everytime	he	begged,	the	dark
lord	 shocked	 him	 more	 until	 the	 grand	 master	 was	 exhausted	 and	 near

death.
He	stood	over	him	and	slammed	his	lightsaber	down	through	the	top	of	his
head,	brought	the	saber	out	of	the	front	of	the	jedi	and	as	the	body	starting
peeling	itself	in	half,	he	thrust	his	saber	into	the	jedi’s	chest	and	turned	the
jedi	into	a	pile	of	melted	burning	flesh,	it	was	really	messy.”	Lord	Scin	sat	in
his	 seat	 and	 was	 mortified,	 “Wow!	 That	 was	 awesome!	 I	 wish	 I	 was	 there!”
The	older	sith	lord	sat	there	and	laughed,	“Well	into	the	krayt	dragons	den
we	 go.”	 Lord	 Tavion	 said	 as	 Scin	 was	 polishing	 the	 hilt	 of	 his	 saber.	 “How
many	of	those	do	you	use?”	The	dark	lord	asked.	Lord	Scin	stood	and	opened
his	cloak	and	said,	“I	use	these.”	he	said	showing	eight	doubles	and	a	dozen
singles.	 Darth	 Tavion	 looked	 surprised	 at	 Lord	 Scin	 and	 asked	 him,	 “Do	 you
want	to	use	one?”	The	elder	held	up	his	hand	and	shook	his	head.	“No	I	have
two	and	that’s	enough	for	me.”
	
Jedi	Temple,	Coruscant
The	two	sith	arrived	on	the	jedi	infested	planet	and	started	looking	for	their
target.	Darth	Tavion	ran	to	the	young	dark	lord	and	asked,	“What	the	heck
are	you	doing?	We	can’t	go	there,	that’s	the	Jedi	Temple!	They	will	kill	us	and
Darth	Bruticus’s	plans	will	be	foiled.”	Lord	Scin	laughed	and	said,”	Lord	Tavion
you	 truely	 need	 more	 training	 than	 I.	 Follow	 me	 and	 witness	 an	 ancient
unnatural	power	of	the	dark	side.”
He	turned	and	starting	jogging	up	the	stairs	of	the	Jedi	Temple.	Darth	Tavion
could	 not	 believe	 what	 he	 saw.	 Lord	 Scin	 had	 walked	 through	 the	 front
entrance	doors	of	the	temple	and	no	one	saw	him	at	all!	Darth	Tavion	put	his
hood	up	and	slowly	walked	up	the	stairs.	He	passed	a	few	apprentices	that
paid	 no	 attention	 to	 him	 and	 a	 group	 of	 masters	 walked	 by	 him	 as	 if	 he
wasn’t	there.	“Look!	A	Sith	Lord!	Get	him!”	someone	yelled.	
Darth	 Tavion	 pulled	 his	 hood	 off	 of	 his	 head,	 grabbed	 his	 lightsaber	 and
looked	 around.	 As	 he	 turned	 to	 look	 behind	 him	 he	 saw	 Lord	 Scin	 standing
there	 laughing	 hard.	 Darth	 Tavion	 was	 not	 amused	 at	 all,	 “Maybe	 I	 should
force	 push	 you	 down	 those	 stairs.”	 He	 said	 as	 he	 and	 the	 joker	 walked
together	 up	 the	 remaining	 stairs	 and	 entered	 the	 temple.	 Hundreds	 of
thousands	of	jedi	were	in	the	great	halls.
Darth	 Tavion	 stopped,	 closed	 his	 eyes	 and	 meditated	 for	 a	 moment,	 then
opened	his	eyes	and	spoke,	“No	one	is	alerted	to	our	presence,	they	have	no

idea	that	we’re	here.	How	did	you	do	that?	he	asked.	Lord	Scin	put	his	arm
around	the	dark	lord	and	said,	“Maybe	I’ll	show	you	one	day,	let’s	move	on.”
he	said	as	they	continued	on.	The	two	sith	walked	through	the	great	halls	of
the	 Jedi	 Temple,	 Lord	 Scin	 and	 Tavion	 were	 studying	 where	 everything	 was.
“It	will	be	a	great	pleasure	to	see	this	place	fall…again!”	Darth	Tavion	said	to
his	friend.	“It	will	and	when	it	does	it	will	be	worse	than	before.”	
Lord	 Scin	 looked	 over	 at	 the	 sith	 lord,	 “Before?”	 he	 asked.	 The	 two	 sith
stopped	walking	as	the	teacher	in	Darth	Tavion	appeared	and	said.	
“Exactly	one	million	two	hundred	thousand	one	hundred	years	ago	there	was
a	Jedi	Knight	named	Anakin	Skywalker	who	fell	to	the	dark	side,	He	entered
this	 very	 temple	 with	 over	 one	 million	 clone	 troops	 and	 destroyed	 the	 Jedi
and	 the	 temple.	 Only	 a	 handful	 of	 Jedi	 survived	 but	 it	 was	 many,	 many
thousands	of	years	before	they	rose	in	numbers	to	what	they	are	today.
Then	there	was	one	Jedi	Grand	Master	over	all	of	the	Jedi,	now	there	is	one
grand	master	for	every	temple	and	the	one	that	we	are	hunting	is	the	great
grand	 master	 jedi…Kalana.”	 the	 two	 walked	 on,	 “When	 we	 get	 back	 to	 the
temple,	if	you	want,	I’ll	tell	you	more	of	this	Anakin	Skywalker.”
The	wind	howled	as	the	rain	came	down,	the	rainy	season	was	getting	worse
and	 the	 entrance	 doors	 to	 the	 jedi	 temple	 opened	 and	 slammed	 shut	 as	 a
hooded	figure	walked	through	the	entrance	and	bowed	to	the	jedi	watchmen.
“Still	raining	outside?”	A	guard	asked.	The	figure	nodded	and	said,	“Yes	and	it
does	 not	 look	 like	 it’s	 going	 to	 quit	 anytime	 soon.”	 The	 figure	 walked	 on,
going	under	the	stairways,	walking	around	the	hangars,	and	other	key	places
in	the	temple.	He	even	went	into	the	council	chambers	as	well.
Grand	 Master	 Seaco	 Buroc	 was	 sleeping	 when	 the	 figure	 walked	 into	 his
room.	He	looked	around	and	saw	a	man	lying	in	bed.	The	man	left	the	room
and	went	to	the	library	and	inspected	there	before	leaving	the	great	room	of
knowledge	 and	 then	 the	 temple.	 He	 got	 into	 his	 ship	 and	 left	 the	 planet,
contacting	his	friend	he	let	him	know	of	his	completed	tasks.
“Master,	 Janitor	 number	 001138	 here.	 The	 temple	 is	 cleaned	 and	 I’m	 on	 my
way	home.”	he	said.	“Good!	I’ll	have	your	money	ready	when	you	arrive.”	The
intercom	 cut	 off	 as	 the	 man	 went	 into	 hyperspace.	 Morning	 came	 and	 the
temple	 on	 Coruscant	 was	 lively,	 students	 were	 filing	 into	 lines	 in	 the
Breakfast	Room,	masters	were	getting	ready	for	the	day’s	training.

Hundreds	of	Jedi	were	filling	the	great	halls	after	breakfast	scurring	like	mice
trying	to	get	to	their	classes.	The	last	master	had	entered	the	chambers	and
the	 council	 was	 in	 session.	 BOOM!	 BOOM!	 BOOM!	 BOOM!	 A	 series	 of
explosions	 went	 off	 rocking	 the	 chamber,	 killing	 all	 twelve	 members	 and
demolishing	the	tower	to	rubble	on	the	ground	below.	
Bodies	were	blasted	all	over	the	great	hall	as	bombs	blasted	holes	fifty	feet
in	diameter	and	sending	boulders	crushing	down	on	the	helpless	jedi.	Master
Derla	 walked	 into	 the	 the	 Constellation	 Room	 as	 her	 unusually	 large	 class
awaited	 her.	 BOOM!!!	 Went	 the	 explosion	 as	 a	 group	 of	 Jedi	 Investigators
opened	the	door	to	warn	them	of	the	attacks.	It	was	too	late,	the	door	was
blasted	against	the	group	killing	all	of	them	instantly	and	sending	a	bloody
mess	of	body	parts	throughout	the	great	hall.
Mac	 Summers	 was	 in	 the	 hangar	 demonstrating	 to	 a	 group	 of	 younglings
how	 a	 Intec	 Mark	 IV	 Jedi	 starfighter	 operates	 when	 the	 bombs	 went	 off.
BOOM!	 BOOM!	 The	 ceiling	 above	 exploded	 and	 the	 hangar	 collapsed	 as	 the
upper	 hangar	 came	 crashing	 down	 on	 the	 one	 below,	 smashing	 everyone
standing	 below.	 Over	 the	 course	 of	 one	 hour,	 fifty	 bombs	 exploded	 all	 over
the	 Jedi	 Temple.	 Grand	 Master	 Seaco	 Buroc	 felt	 a	 ripple	 in	 the	 force	 and
awoke.
Getting	up	out	of	bed	he	jumped	toward	the	door	as	the	bomb	under	his	bed
exploded	and	threw	him	through	the	door	and	over	the	balcony	just	outside
his	room.	Knocking	him	out	he	fell	three	stories	below	and	landed	on	a	statue
of	 a	 broken	 Obi-wan	 Kenobi	 breaking	 his	 back	 and	 legs	 as	 he	 bounced	 off
and	hit	the	floor.	Master	Alana	saw	the	lifeless	jedi	lying	and	force	ran	to	his
aid,	 as	 she	 came	 upon	 him	 a	 marble	 pillar	 next	 to	 her	 exploded	 and	 threw
the	 woman	 through	 a	 pillar,	 breaking	 it	 and	 crashed	 through	 the	 windows,
smashing	her	dead	body	below.	After	the	attacks	the	temple	was	so	damaged
it	was	unnoticeable	from	inside,	dead	bodies	litter	the	temple	inside	and	out.
The	remaining	jedi	banded	together	and	hurried	to	help	the	wounded.	“I	hope
this	 is	 finally	 over,	 I	 wonder	 how	 many	 are	 dead.”	 A	 youngling	 said	 as	 he
helped	 a	 master	 heal	 a	 wounded	 jedi.	 “I’m	 not	 sure,	 young	 one,	 let’s	 just
concentrate	on	the	living.”	
The	 master	 said,	 trying	 not	 to	 make	 the	 boy	 scared.	 “Yes	 Master,	 I
understand…and	 I’m	 not	 afraid.”	 The	 boy	 said.	 The	 two	 continued	 on	 as	 a
mass	of	worker	droids	arrived	and	started	cleaning	up.	Grand	Master	Seaco
Buroc	 woke	 up	 and	 opened	 his	 eyes	 and	 saw	 his	 friend	 Gival	 sitting	 next	 to
him.	“Ah…am…I…dead?”	The	jedi	spirit	shook	his	head	and	said,	
“No,	my	friend,	you	are	far	from	death,	you	will	heal	and	live	on.”	Gival	said

as	 his	 spirit	 disappeared	 and	 left	 the	 grand	 master	 lying	 on	 the	 cold	 floor.
“Dar….Darth…..Bru…..Bruti….Bruticus….I’ll…get…..yo…you.”	 He	 said	 and
passed	out.
	
Infirmary,	Sith	Temple,	Korriban
	
Darth	 Lucratis	 was	 awake	 and	 eating	 when	 Darth	 Bruticus	 entered	 and	 sat
down	next	to	his	friend.	“War	has	begun	my	friend	and	the	jedi	still	have	no
idea	that	we	are	behind	everything!	
Darth	 Mazarill	 has	 taken	 care	 of	 Grand	 Master	 Seaco	 Buroc	 once	 again	 and
will	 continue	 to	 terrorize	 that	 worthless	 jedi	 until	 the	 time	 comes!”	 Darth
Lucratis	threw	his	bowl	of	food	at	a	medical	droid	and	got	out	of	bed,	“I’m
not	staying	in	here	while	you	have	all	of	the	fun,	I’m	going	to	fight	too…and
I”m	going	now!”	The	dark	lord	said	as	he	started	getting	dressed.
“I	sense	that	Darth	Mazarill	completed	his	mission.”	Darth	Lucratis	said.	“Yes
he	did,	my	friend.	I	sent	him	back	to	my	time	and	told	him	to	be	creative	in
his	mission	to	get	inside	the	temple.	He	dressed	as	a	janitor,	set	the	bombs,
and	 walked	 out.	 I	 saw	 it	 through	 the	 force	 and	 it	 was	 great!	 I	 can’t	 wait	 to
see	what	he	will	do	next!”	
Darth	 Bruticus	 said	 as	 he	 popped	 a	 piece	 of	 fruit	 in	 his	 mouth.	 “Let	 me	 ask
you	 something,	 why	 do	 you	 have	 to	 be	 in	 my	 presence	 everytime	 you	 eat
that	stuff?”	the	dark	lord	asked.	“It	stinks!”	he	added.	Darth	Bruticus	stood	in
front	of	his	friend	and	turned	around.
A	 few	 moments	 later	 Darth	 Lucratis	 flew	 backwards	 and	 hit	 the	 wall	 a	 few
feet	away.	“What	the	hell	was	that!?”	the	fallen	sith	asked	in	surprise.	Darth
Bruticus	started	laughing	hard	and	fell	over	on	the	floor.	Darth	Lucratis	got
up	and	staggered	over	to	Darth	Bruticus.
“That	 my	 friend	 was	 force	 fart!”	 He	 said,	 getting	 up	 and	 force	 ran	 away
laughing.	 Darth	 Lucratis	 stood	 still	 watching	 the	 grand	 master	 goof	 and
shook	his	head,	“One	day	he’s	going	to	regret	using	that	smelly	force	power
on	me.”	The	dark	lord	grabbed	his	comlink	and	spoke	into	it.
“Do	 you	 have	 anymore	 of	 that	 smelly	 fruit	 that	 Lord	 Bruticus	 eats?”	 He
started	 on	 his	 way	 to	 the	 cafeteria	 and	 ran	 into	 Darth	 Bruticus.	 The	 grand

master	looked	over	at	Darth	Lucratis	and	said,
“So	 you’re	 off	 to	 war	 I	 see.	 On	 your	 way	 to	 the	 cafeteria?	 You	 going	 to	 kill
some	bantha	steak?	he	said	in	a	hearty	laugh.	Darth	Lucratis	shook	his	head
and	said,	Lord	Bruticus,	your	sense	of	humor	isn’t	improving.”
“Lord	 Scin	 we’ve	 searched	 all	 over	 the	 temple	 and	 found	 no	 trace	 of	 Grand
Master	Kalana,	I	wonder	if	she’s	even	here.”	Darth	Tavion	said	while	sneaking
into	a	lightsaber	supply	room.
Lord	Scin	was	sitting	on	a	ledge	looking	out	of	a	window.	“She	isn’t	here,	we
must	go	to	Tatooine.	That’s	where	she	is	being	held,	but	it	will	not	be	easy	to
get	 to	 her.	 That’s	 why	 I’ve	 arranged	 to	 steal	 some	 transportation	 to	 get	 us
there,	meet	me	in	the	hangar.”
Darth	 Tavion	 started	 to	 get	 a	 feeling	 that	 Lord	 Scin	 was	 going	 to	 unmask
their	 presence	 and	 leave	 him	 there	 to	 fight	 against	 one	 hundred	 thousand
jedi.	He	frantically	force	ran	to	the	lifts,	then	he	kept	looking	around	at	every
jedi	knight	that	he	passed	to	make	sure	they	were	not	going	to	see	him,	an
unusual	fear	overcame	him	and	he	was	starting	to	go	insane.	He	grabbed	his
lightsabers	and	instead	of	being	careful,	he	was	bumping	into	everyone.	
The	 jedi	 was	 alerted	 to	 his	 presence,	 Lord	 Scin	 left	 the	 hangar	 and	 looked
over	the	eleventh	floor	balcony	to	the	floor	below,	using	the	force	he	spoke	to
the	sithlord	below.	“Lord	Tavion,	it	is	I,	Lord	Scin.	Calm	down	and	go	to	the
lifts	to	the	eleventh	floor.”
The	frightened	sith	lord	screamed	and	turned	his	lightsabers	on	and	started
swinging	 them	 around	 his	 body.	 Lord	 Scin	 used	 the	 force	 and	 jumped	 down
from	his	high	position	to	the	ground	floor	below.	
He	grabbed	Lord	Tavion’s	arm	and	pulled	him	around	only	to	quickly	dodge
out	 of	 the	 way	 as	 the	 dark	 lord	 attacked	 him	 with	 the	 other	 saber	 and
almost	took	his	head.	Lord	Scin	took	the	saber	from	his	hand	and	force	froze
Darth	Tavion.	He	walked	over	to	him	and	said,	“What	is	wrong	with	you?	I’m
your	friend,	not	the	enemy,	now	I’m	going	to	let	you	go,	so	we	can	get	out	of
here,	okay?”	The	motionless	sith	shook	his	head.
Lord	 Scin	 let	 the	 force	 power	 go	 and	 set	 Darth	 Tavion	 on	 his	 feet.	 The	 dark
lord	turned	his	saber	off	and	force	grabbed	his	other	and	put	them	away.	“I
don’t	 know	 what	 came	 over	 me,	 I’ve	 never	 ever	 got	 that	 feeling	 before,	 It
could	be	this	building,	let’s	get	out	of	here.”
He	 said	 as	 he	 walked	 in	 front	 of	 Lord	 Scin	 and	 kept	 rambling	 on.	 “I’m	 not
sure	why	that	happened,	why	me?	What	did	I	do	to	deserve	this?	Someone	is
hiding,	watching,	waiting	for	me	to	let	down	my	guard	and	then…Strike!”

Lord	Scin	walked	over	to	the	dark	lord	with	his	other	hand	on	the	hilt	of	his
lightsaber.	“Are	you	flipping	out	again?	No	one	is	going	to	strike	at	you…you
are	a	sith	lord.	Now	compose	yourself	and	let’s	get	going.”	
Lord	 Scin	 said	 as	 he	 slowly	 pulled	 a	 saber	 from	 it’s	 sheath	 and	 stopped
walking.	 Something	 was	 wrong	 with	 Darth	 Tavion,	 he	 walked	 through	 a
group	of	jedi,	knocking	a	few	of	them	over	and	force	pushing	the	rest	out	of
his	way.	Lord	Scin	put	his	saber	away	and	force	grabbed	a	jedi	lightsaber.	
Darth	Tavion	turned	his	sabers	on	and	turned	around	swinging,	he	took	the
heads	of	five	jedi	knights	off	as	he	moved	forward	and	slashed	two	others	to
death.	To	keep	from	being	seen	as	a	sith,	Lord	Scin	turned	the	jedi	saber	on
and	blocked	himself	as	Lord	Tavion	attacked	him,	Scin	kept	trying	to	talk	to
the	sith	lord	but	he	wasn’t	listening.
“I	can	see	why	you	never	had	an	apprentice,	you	went	mad	and	killed	them,
didn’t	you?”	He	said	taunting	the	elder	sith	lord.	Lord	Tavion	eyes	turned	red
with	 hate	 and	 put	 his	 hand	 up	 to	 Lord	 Scin,	 he	 shot	 force	 lightning	 at	 his
friend	 but	 the	 young	 sith	 blocked	 it	 with	 the	 saber	 and	 moved	 in	 to	 speak
again.	“This	is	your	last	warning	Darth	Tavion,	back	down	or	I	will	kill	you!”
The	 dark	 lord	 didn’t	 take	 the	 warning,	 instead	 he	 continued	 to	 attack	 and
force	pushed	Lord	Scin	into	a	group	of	jedi,	put	his	saber	away	and	used	force
storm	on	the	group,	killing	all	of	them	except	Darth	Scin	who	moved	out	of
the	way	in	the	nick	of	time	as	the	jedi	became	one	with	the	force.	Laying	on
the	floor	behind	the	fallen	jedi	
Lord	Scin	looked	around	as	he	saw	the	jedi	coming	out	of	the	woodwork	so
to	 speak	 to	 aid	 those	 fallen	 by	 Darth	 Tavion’s	 hands.	 Scin	 stood	 up,	 turned
off	 the	 saber,	 dropped	 it	 on	 the	 floor	 and	 force	 jumped	 up	 to	 the	 eleventh
floor	 to	 the	 hangar.	 Looking	 down	 Darth	 Tavion	 had	 engaged	 the	 jedi	 and
was	fighting	them	one	against	two	hundred.	“I	would	stay	and	finish	you	off,
but	 I	 have	 more	 important	 errands	 to	 tend	 to,	 good	 luck	 Tavion…you	 are
going	 to	 need	 it.”	 He	 whispered	 as	 he	 left	 to	 the	 hangar,	 got	 in	 a	 jedi
starfighter	and	left	the	planet.
Darth	Tavion	swung	the	sabers	left	and	right	killing	jedi	with	every	swing.	A
jedi	 padawan	 struck	 the	 sith	 lord	 in	 the	 top	 of	 his	 head	 with	 a	 lightsaber,
dropping	 his	 saber,	 Tavion	 fell	 to	 his	 knees	 and	 dropped	 his	 other	 saber.
Crouching	down	he	had	one	last	attack,	the	dark	lord	pushed	his	hands	out
to	 his	 sides	 and	 force	 pushed	 everyone	 within	 a	 one	 hundred	 foot	 radius,
sending	jedi	into	marble	pillars,	doors,	walls,	anything	in	their	paths.	
The	dark	lord	slowly	rose,	grabbed	his	lightsabers	and	walked	out	of	the	side

entrances.	He	stopped	and	turned	around.	“Fools!”	he	said	as	he	turned	back
around	 to	 leave.	 A	 young	 padawan	 ran	 a	 vibrosword	 through	 his	 stomach
and	drug	it	up	to	his	chin.	Falling	down	to	his	knees	and	then	to	the	ground,
he	looked	at	the	jedi	and	saw	the	buildings	behind	him.	Looking	at	the	clear
blue	sky	above	he	saw	a	dark	figure	walk	upon	him	and	kneel	to	speak	with
the	boy.	“Good!	Good	job	young	one!	One	day	you	will	become	a	great	sith
lord!”
The	 figure	 said	 as	 he	 looked	 down	 at	 the	 fallen	 sith	 lord.	 He	 took	 his
lightsabers,	and	his	belt,	got	up	and	left.	Darth	Tavion	stared	at	the	sky	and
dreamed	of	when	he	was	a	boy	sitting	on	a	boulder	outside	the	family	house
and	 looking	 up	 at	 the	 blue	 sky,	 then	 he	 wondered	 how	 the	 dark	 side	 failed
him.	 His	 eyes	 rolled	 in	 the	 back	 of	 his	 head	 and	 he	 became	 one	 with	 the
force.	The	boy	walked	over	to	the	hooded	figure	and	handed	him	the	sword.
“Thank	you	Darth	Lucratis	for	the	use	of	the	sword!”	the	boy	said	as	the	dark
lord	took	it	from	him	and	looked	at	the	blood	running	down	the	blade.	“An
awesome	 sight	 that	 is!”	 He	 said	 as	 the	 boy	 turned	 around,	 the	 dark	 lord
brought	 the	 sword	 abouve	 his	 head	 with	 both	 hands	 and	 hit	 the	 boy	 in	 the
head	cutting	him	in	half	and	leaving	him	in	a	bloody	mess,	he	took	the	sword
and	slammed	the	blade	into	the	concrete.	Walking	away	he	spoke	to	himself.
“A	 worthless	 jedi	 and	 a	 worthless	 sith	 gone	 into	 madness…he	 was	 a	 good
man.”	Walking	by	Darth	Bruticus	he	spoke	again,	“You	really	put	the	fear	into
him,	he	killed	quite	a	few	jedi.”	
The	supreme	master	nodded	and	said,	“Yes	I	did,	he	killed	many	that	would
have	 killed	 us,	 given	 the	 chance.	 Great	 job	 with	 the	 boy,	 are	 those	 his
endtrails	 running	 down	 the	 steps	 toward	 your	 feet?”	 The	 two	 boarded	 the
ship	 and	 flew	 away	 as	 a	 ship	 landed	 in	 front	 of	 the	 jedi	 temple.	 A	 man
walked	down	the	ramp	and	examined	the	boy	as	two	guards	followed	him.
“The	Sith,	just	as	I	expected,	they’ve	done	great	work!	Great!”	the	man	said
while	 a	 guard	 received	 a	 call	 then	 spoke	 to	 the	 man,	 “Senator	 we	 must	 go!
The	jedi	investigators	are	on	their	way!”	The	senator	turned	and	walked	back
to	the	ship	and	flew	away.
“I’m	 sorry	 I	 failed	 you	 master,	 but	 I	 had	 to	 leave	 him,	 it	 would	 have
endangered	the	mission	if	I	would	have	stayed.”	Lord	Scin	said.	
“I’m	 on	 my	 way	 to	 Tatooine	 to	 track	 down	 the	 target.”	 He	 added.	 Darth
Lucratis	 shook	 his	 head	 at	 the	 hologram	 and	 said,	 “No	 young	 one,	 his
insanity	 was	 not	 your	 fault,	 now	 go,	 finish	 your	 mission	 and	 report	 to	 us
when	you	are	done.”

The	 dark	 lord	 said	 as	 the	 hologram	 disappeared	 and	 Lord	 Scin	 landed	 on
Tatooine	at	the	edge	of	the	dune	sea.	He	got	out	of	the	starfighter	near	the
jedi	 temple	 and	 walked	 toward	 the	 worthless	 do-gooder	 learning	 center.
Darth	Lucratis	turned	to	a	sith	holocron	and	said,	“There	it	is	done,	Tavion	is
dead	and	Lord	Scin	has	landed	on	Tatooine	and	is	finishing	his	mission.”	
The	hologram	nodded	and	spoke,	“Awesome	work	young	one!	Now	we	must
oversee	the	rest	of	the	plan	and	carry	it	through	ten-fold!	Now	let’s	go!”	The
hologram	said.	Darth	Lucratis	bowed	and	said,	“Yes	Lord	Bane,	it	will	be	done
master!”	The	ship	went	into	hyperspace	and	disappeared.
	
Jedi	Temple,	Tatooine
	
It	was	night	when	Lord	Scin	arrived	at	the	temple.	Five	platoons	of	Jedi	Elite
Troopers	 were	 patrolling	 outside.	 He	 scanned	 their	 parameter	 and	 found	 a
gap	 but	 would	 need	 a	 distraction.	 He	 closed	 his	 eyes	 for	 a	 moment	 and
meditated.	
Gathering	 his	 thoughts	 and	 clearing	 his	 mind,	 he	 opened	 his	 eyes	 and	 took
off	 towards	 the	 gap.	 Force	 running	 faster	 than	 he	 ever	 ran	 before,	 he	 came
upon	the	gap	and	leapt	into	the	air.	He	landed	on	top	of	a	jedi	statue	cube
one	 hundred	 feet	 from	 the	 ground.	 Using	 the	 force,	 the	 dark	 lord	 made	 his
stolen	jedi	starfighter	fly	to	him.
As	 the	 ship	 got	 closer,	 he	 guided	 it	 around	 the	 farside	 of	 the	 temple	 and
crashed	it	into	the	side	of	the	temple!	He	looked	down	at	the	troops	as	they
scrambled	to	the	crash	site.	Lord	Scin	force-jumped	to	the	next	statue,	then
jumped	again,	and	again	until	he	was	within	a	force	jump	to	the	temple.	
He	 lay	 down	 to	 hide	 as	 a	 Jedi	 Strike	 Force	 ran	 by,	 using	 the	 force	 again,	 he
stole	two	jedi	lightsabers	and	force	flashed	through	the	outer	temple	wall!
Landing	 inside	 a	 room	 and	 rolling	 under	 a	 sleep	 couch,	 he	 saw	 a
padawanleaving	the	room,	he	got	up	and	peeked	through	the	door.	No	one
was	around,	he	felt	a	presence	using	the	force	and	darted	out	of	the	room.
Running	 across	 a	 cat-walk,	 two	 jedi	 masters	 came	 around	 the	 corner	 and
Lord	Scin	jumped	on	a	large	pillar	and	scaled	it	to	the	top.
The	 jedi	 continued	 to	 walk	 by	 as	 the	 sith	 lord	 sat	 at	 the	 top	 of	 the	 pillar.
Looking	around	he	saw	Elite	Troops	patrolling	the	inside	of	thetemple	as	well

as	 the	 outside.	 He	 closed	 his	 eyes	 once	 again	 and	 concentrated….A	 few
moments	 later	 the	 electricity	 failed,	 every	 light	 and	 every	 security	 camera
failed.
Lord	Scin	jumped	from	his	seat	and	leapt	to	the	lower	levels	below.	
Calling	 on	 the	 force,	 he	 pushed	 five	 guards	 from	 the	 prison	 doors	 and
entered.	 As	 he	 walked	 down	 the	 hallway,the	 automated	 gun	 turrets	 were
shutting	 down,	 the	 hallway	 was	 long	 and	 felt	 as	 if	 it	 descended	 down	 a
thousand	feet.
When	Lord	Scin	finally	reached	the	end,	he	felt	the	presenceof	many	jedi,	he
came	 to	 the	 guard	 station.	 Cracking	 the	 door	 open	 he	 slowly	 entered	 the
room	and	searched	everywhere.	All	that	was	found	was	some	food	and	a	jedi
lightsaber,	 a	 Grand	 Master’s	 lightsaber.	 “Very	 Impressive.”	 he	 whispered	 to
himself	as	he	opened	the	saber	to	examine	the	inside.	He	walked	out	of	the
room	and	started	on	his	way	again.	“FREEZE	NOW!”	A	voice	yelled.	Lord	Scin
stood	still.	“Drop	your	weapons!”	the	voice	said.	
The	 dark	 lord	 tossed	 the	 jedi	 weapon	 toward	 the	 voice.	 “Hmmm,	 a
lightsaber.”	 The	 person	 said	 as	 they	 turned	 the	 ancient	 weapon	 on	 and
BOOM!	The	lightsaber	blew	up	killing	the	person	and	every	jedi	in	the	room.
“You	jedi	are	sooo	stupid.”	The	dark	lord	said	as	he	moved	on.	He	came	to	a
door	that	was	locked,	using	a	lightsaber	he	cut	into	the	door	and	entered.
	
TWO	MONTHS	LATER
Coruscant	Jedi	Temple	Infirmary
	
“Master	Buroc,	months	have	passed	and	we	are	still	finding	dead	bodies,	we
are	up	to	two	thousand,	four	hundred,	twenty	seven	jedi.	Would	you	like	to
know	 the	 exact	 list?”	 The	 healer	 asked.	 Seaco	 nodded	 his	 head	 and	 said,
“Sure,	hit	me	with	it.”	The	jedi	read	the	news	from	her	infoscreen.	
“Ok	 there	 are:	 twenty	 seven	 masters,	 four	 hundred	 infants	 and	 younglings,
and	two	thousand	apprentices.	Master	,	this	is	the	worst	death	toll	since…”
The	 healer	 couldn’t	 finish.	 “Since	 The	 Great	 Jedi	 Purge	 after	 The	 Clone	 Wars
nearly	a	million	years	ago.”
He	said	and	hobbled	over	to	an	apprentice	lying	on	a	cot.	“Dead?”	he	asked.
“Yes	Grand	Master	he	is	dead.”	she	answered.	“Then	we	need	to	get	them	out
of	here	and	give	them	the	Jedi	Burial.”	he	said	looking	down	at	the	dead	boy.
The	 healer	 looked	 at	 the	 grand	 master	 and	 said,	 “Grand	 Master,	 we	 don’t

bury	 our	 dead,	 we	 burn	 them.”	 Seaco	 didn’t	 look	 or	 speak	 as	 he	 turned
around	and	walked	out	of	the	infirmary.
Looking	around	the	temple	he	saw	that	the	jedi	were	helping	the	droids	with
the	 re-construction	 of	 the	 temple.	 He	 spoke	 into	 his	 comlink	 and	 said,
“Master	Zolo,	we	need	to	hold	ceremonies	in	honor	of	the	dead,	we	also	need
tighter	 security	 and	 more	 guards,	 if	 you	 need	 me	 I’ll	 be	 in	 the	 new	 council
chambers.”	Master	Zolo	spoke	into	the	comlink.
“Yes	 Master,	 it	 will	 be	 done!”	 The	 jedi	 master	 turned	 off	 the	 comlink	 and
turned,	 kneeling	 down	 and	 bowed	 to	 a	 hologram	 and	 spoke.	 “Everything	 is
going	as	you	have	planned	my	Master.	The	second	phase	has	been	completed
and	 has	 taken	 more	 that	 two	 thousand	 worthless	 jedi	 lives!”	 The	 hologram
laughed	 and	 spoke,	 “Good!…That’s	 wonderful	 news!	 Master	 Mazarill.”	 The
sith	 lord	 looked	 up	 at	 his	 master	 and	 opened	 his	 mouth	 to	 speak	 but	 said
nothing.
“Yes,	that’s	right,	because	of	you	deeds	you	are	no	longer	an	apprentice,	you
are	a	master	of	the	Sith,	young	one.”	The	sith	lord	finally	spoke,	“Thank	you
Master!”	he	said	as	he	bowed.	
“Rise	 to	 your	 feet	 and	 accept	 your	 position	 as	 A	 Dark	 Lord	 of	 the	 Sith.	 Do
what	 must	 be	 done	 Lord	 Mazarill,	 kill	 them	 all	 and	 show	 no	 mercy!”	 The
newly	 christened	 dark	 master	 rose	 to	 his	 feet,	 bowed	 to	 the	 hologram	 and
said,”	Thank	you	Master	Lucratis.”
He	said	as	the	hologram	faded,	he	grabbed	the	transmitter,	turned	to	the	sith
slaves	and	said,“The	next	phase	is	to	be	planned	as	soon	as	possible!	I	want
to	 carry	 it	 out	 in	 the	 next	 two	 weeks.”	 The	 slaves	 bowed	 and	 said,	 ”	 Yes
master,	 it	 will	 be	 done	 as	 you	 command,	 and	 congratulations	 on	 your
promotion,	my	Lord.”	they	said	and	went	to	continue	their	duties.
The	 dark	 master	 closed	 his	 eyes,	 using	 the	 darkside	 of	 the	 force	 he	 sensed
that	 someone	 was	 near,	 watching	 and	 listening	 to	 his	 plot.	 He	 opened	 his
eyes	 and	 knew	 exactly	 where	 they	 were.	 Chasing	 after	 the	 jedi	 apprentice
under	 the	 temple,	 the	 sith	 master	 force	 ran	 around	 the	 pillars	 that	 held	 up
the	great	building.	Running	for	his	life,	the	apprentice	pulled	a	comlink	from
his	 pouch	 and	 tried	 to	 speak	 into	 it.	 “Master!…..Master!…
I’ve….discovered….a	terrible…..truth!”	
Catching	up	to	the	apprentice,	Darth	Mazarill	force	pushed	the	jedi	face	first
into	a	pillar,	grabbing	his	head	and	twisting	his	head	until	his	neck	broke,	he
grabbed	the	comlink.
“I’ve	 found	 the	 Sith	 responsible	 for	 the	 bombings,	 Grand	 Master.”	 The	 dark

lord	 said.	 “Are	 you	 certain	 of	 this	 Master	 Zolo?”	 Seaco	 Buroc	 asked.
“Absolutely,	 my	 Lord….I	 found	 an	 old	 paper	 map,	 a	 satchel,	 and	 a	 red
colored	lightsaber,	Master.”
Lord	Scin	looked	around	the	room	and	saw	nothing,	it	was	cold	and	dark	but
he	sensed	a	presence	so	strong	it	was	starting	to	give	him	a	headache.	
He	tossed	handfuls	of	Terminator	bombs	all	over	the	room	and	force-rolled
them	all	over	the	room.	Padawan	Alza	sensed	a	cold,	dark	presence	but	was
unsure	 what	 it	 was,	 he	 turned	 his	 lightsaber	 on	 and	 gave	 away	 his	 position
with	a	glowing	green	light.	
Lord	 Scin	 peered	 around	 a	 corner	 and	 saw	 the	 careless	 jedi	 along	 with	 a
squad	of	Elite	Troopers.	
“Turn	 that	 damn	 saber	 off	 you	 idiot!	 You’re	 giving	 away	 our	 position”	 One
trooper	 said	 to	 the	 young	 fool	 as	 he	 finally	 turned	 off	 the	 lightsaber,	 the
dark	lord	slowly	left	the	room,	armed	a	Terminator	bomb	and	rolled	it	in	the
vicinity	 of	 foes.	 The	 bomb	 detonated	 setting	 off	 the	 rest	 in	 the	 room	 and
killing	everyone.
The	 dark	 lord	 entered	 the	 room	 and	 walked	 around,	 there	 were	 no	 other
rooms	or	doors,	he	looked	up	and	saw	a	being	locked	in	a	steel	rusted	cage
hanging	from	a	chain	attached	to	the	ceiling.
Using	 the	 force	 he	 broke	 the	 chain	 and	 the	 cage	 slammed	 into	 the	 floor.
Inside	 was	 a	 mangled	 pile	 of	 flesh,	 whatever	 it	 is,	 was	 dead.	 It	 was	 a	 trap,
the	 dark	 lord	 quickly	 contacted	 Darth	 Bruticus.	 “They	 will	 pay	 for	 this
injustice,	 I	 have	 sent	 you	 the	 best	 master	 to	 help.”	 The	 grand	 master	 said.
Lord	Scin	nodded	and	raised	his	eyebrows.	“Who?”	he	asked.	Darth	Bruticus
laughed	and	said,	“I’ve	sent	Darth	Tabah,	he	is	on	his	way	to	you	now.”	The
hologram	disappeared	and	Lord	Scin	felt	mulitple	presences	approaching.
The	 ship	 was	 in	 hyperspace	 and	 Darth	 Tabah	 was	 very	 impatient.	 “Damn!
Can’t	 this	 ancient	 jedi	 piece	 of	 junk	 go	 any	 faster?!”	 he	 said	 force	 punching
the	 cockpit	 wall	 and	 severely	 denting	 it.	 “Hey!	 If	 you	 hit	 the	 ship	 like	 that
again	we	won’t	be	going	anywhere	fast	except	death!”	The	pilot	yelled	while
increasing	 the	 ship’s	 speed.	 The	 impatient	 sith	 master	 started	 pacing	 the
floor.	“Master	Tabah,	we	are	less	than	a	parsec	away!”
The	 dark	 lord	 ran	 to	 the	 ship’s	 hangar	 readying	 his	 starfighter,	 he	 jumped
into	 the	 cockpit,	 fired	 up	 the	 engines	 and	 screamed	 into	 the	 communicator,
“Let’s	 go!	 Let’s	 go!	 Let’s	 go!”	 The	 pilot	 pulled	 the	 ship	 out	 of	 hyperspace,
opened	the	hangar	door	and	the	sith	master	flew	out	of	the	ship	cloaked	and
came	down	to	the	planet	like	a	lightning	bolt	out	of	the	sky.

The	sith	fighter	ejected	one	sith	master	above	the	jedi	temple.	Falling	towards
the	 roof	 of	 the	 building,	 Darth	 Tabah	 used	 force-flash	 a	 moment	 before
splatting	into	the	roof	and	fell	from	the	top,	down	through	the	temple	ceiling
and	 floors	 to	 the	 room	 where	 Lord	 Scin	 awaited	 his	 friend’s	 arrival.	 CRASH!
BOOM!
The	dark	lord	turned	his	sabers	on	and	turned	around	to	attack	seeing	Darth
Tabah	sitting	in	a	crater	in	the	floor.	“Oh	it’s	you!”	The	surprised	sith	lord	said
turning	off	his	weapons	and	lending	a	hand	to	help	his	fallen	comrade.	“They
don’t	know	that	the	Sith	exist,	but	they	are	coming!”
Lord	 Scin	 said	 covering	 the	 door	 as	 Darth	 Tabah	 grabbed	 his	 saber,	 “I	 don’t
care	if	they	know	who	we	are	or	not,	I’m	here	to	kill	as	many	as	I	can!”	he
said	and	ran	out	of	the	room.
“Shoot	 them!”	 A	 trooper	 yelled	 as	 the	 squad	 opened	 fire	 on	 the	 two	 sith.
They	deflected	every	blaster	bolt	that	the	troopers	shot	at	them,	killing	them
easily.	 Entering	 the	 the	 prison	 holding	 area	 Darth	 Tabah	 looked	 up	 the
hallway	 and	 backed	 off,	 “More	 troops	 and	 jedi	 are	 coming	 and	 we	 cannot
take	them	all	on	by	ourselves.”	The	sith	lord	said	to	his	friend.
“If	we	plant	bombs	around	the	room,	we’ll	kill	them	all,	cave	the	room	in	and
take	 us	 with	 them.“Lord	 Scin	 said.	 The	 Jedi	 Elite	 Troops	 marched	 down	 the
the	large	ramp	as	the	two	sith	prepared	themselves	for	battle.	
The	first	troops	entered	the	room	and	Darth	Tabah	used	an	insanity	spell	on
the	 troops	 who	 turned	 and	 fired	 on	 the	 other	 soldiers.	 Mowing	 them	 down,
Lord	 Scin	 looked	 for	 a	 way	 out.	 He	 saw	 a	 yellow	 light	 shining	 on	 a	 wall
behind	them	and	yelled.
“Someone	 is	 coming	 through	 the	 wall!”	 Lord	 Scin	 watched	 as	 the	 sith	 army
entered	 from	 a	 portal	 and	 filled	 the	 room.	 “MZ-12	 sent	 us,	 Master!”	 One
apprentice	 yelled	 taking	 cover	 behind	 a	 shield.	 Darth	 tabah	 fell	 back	 and
starting	deflecting	the	lazer	fire	back	at	the	troops.	“How	many	soldiers	did
he	 send?”	 he	 yelled.	 “We	 have	 two	 hundred	 in	 here,	 five	 thousand	 outside
under	 the	 commands	 of	 Masters	 Lucratis	 and	 Kamenwati,	 and	 more	 are	 on
the	way	sir!”
The	 student	 yelled.	 “Let’s	 go!”	 A	 soldier	 yelled	 as	 the	 sith	 attacked	 the	 jedi
driving	 them	 back	 up	 the	 ramp	 and	 out	 into	 the	 temple.	 Stepping	 on	 the
dead	 as	 they	 accended	 upwards,	 Lord	 Scin	 and	 Darth	 Tabah	 walked	 out	 of
the	 prison	 holding	 facilities	 and	 saw	 a	 sight	 that	 neither	 of	 them	 had	 ever
seen	 before.	 Thousands	 of	 sith	 apprentices	 and	 soldiers	 were	 chasing	 down
and	killing	the	jedi.

A	master	ran	toward	Darth	Tabah	swinging	his	lightsaber	at	the	dark	lord’s
head.	He	ducked	and	force	pushed	the	jedi	at	Lord	Scin	who	ran	him	through
the	chest	and	spun	around	cutting	his	head	off.	Darth	Tabah	ran	on	as	Lord
Scin	went	another	way	looking	for	the	enemy.
Grand	 Jedi	 Master	 Seaco	 Buroc	 inspected	 the	 sith	 weapon	 along	 with	 the
artifacts	that	Master	Zolo	presented.
“Excellent	 work!”	 Seaco	 said	 to	 the	 young	 master	 who	 bowed	 and	 left	 the
area	returning	to	the	temple.	“Fools!”	he	whispered	to	himself	while	walking
to	the	lifts.	“Soon	it	will	be	another	Jedi	Purge	like	the	one	that	Darth	Sidious
ordered	so	long	ago!”	The	dark	lord	said	to	himself	as	the	lift	slowed	down
to	a	stop.	The	door	opened	and	two	senators	entered,	one	from	Naboo	and
the	other	from	Tatooine	stood	in	front	of	him	and	were	followed	by	two	sith
slaves.	“Did	you	hear	of	the	discovery?”	One	asked	the	other,	“No…what	was
found?”
The	dark	lord	stepped	forward,	parting	the	two	senators	aside	and	turned	to
speak.	“A	sith	was	discovered	gentlemen,	along	with	his	ancient	weapon	and
dome	 charts,	 that	 if	 the	 Jedi	 Investigators	 look	 into	 any	 further,	 which	 they
will,	it	will	lead	to	the	two	of….you!”	The	lift	arrived	at	it’s	destination	and
the	door	opened,	the	dark	lord	turned	and	nodded	at	the	slaves	who	pulled
vibroswords	from	their	sides	as	the	evil	oneexited	the	lift.
The	 door	 shut	 and	 muffled	 screams	 could	 faintly	 be	 heard	 as	 blood	 started
coloring	the	frosted	glass,	the	lift	traveled	down	and	Darth	Mazarill	walked
through	the	jedi	temple.	Finishing	off	the	senators,	one	slave	left	a	message
in	blood,	while	the	other	deleted	the	camera’s	recorder.
The	lift	stopped	and	the	two	slaves	exited,	using	the	force,	the	door	was	shut,
sealed,	 then	 sent	 on	 it’s	 way	 down	 to	 the	 sub	 levels	 as	 a	 Jedi	 Investigator
approached	 the	 lift.	 Using	 his	 I.D.	 to	 open	 the	 door,	 the	 scanner	 would	 not
accept	anything.	“Master,	this	lift	won’t	open.”
The	 investigator	 said.	 Master	 Beltz	 walked	 over	 and	 opened	 the	 door	 using
the	force.	The	others	walked	over	and	saw	what	was	inside.	The	jedi	master
ran	to	the	grand	master.	Seaco	Buroc	turned	to	the	young	master	and	said,
“Another	 message?”	 Master	 Beltz	 looked	 in	 horror	 at	 the	 grand	 master	 and
slowly	nodded	his	head,	The	grand	master	ran	over	to	the	door	and	looked
inside,	 hanging	 upside	 down,	 headless	 and	 gutted	 was	 the	 two	 men.	 Seaco

knelt	down	and	placed	his	fingers	in	a	pool	of	blood.

“It’s	still	warm…which	means	this	took	place	moments	ago.	I	want	every	jedi
searching	 for	 these	 people,	 now!	 I	 want	 the	 squad	 leader	 of	 Jedi	 Storm	 to
report	to	me	on	the	double	as	well!”	
The	 grand	 master	 ordered.	 Master	 Beltz	 bowed	 and	 spoke	 into	 his	 comlink.
Seaco	 Buroc	 looked	 up	 on	 the	 wall	 and	 read	 the	 message.	 “I’m	 under	 your
nose,	you	can’t	find	me	Seaco….Darth	Mazarill.”	
A	 wounded	 jedi	 was	 lying	 on	 his	 back	 holding	 his	 stomach	 as	 Lord	 Scin
walked	 by.	 Stopping	 in	 his	 tracks,	 He	 felt	 A	 PRESENCE	 OF	 THE	 NEAR	 DEAD
MAN	AND	CROUCHED	DOWN	NEXT	TO	HIS	BODY	AS	THE	JEDI	TRIED	TO	SPEAK.
“I	 DON’T	 HAVE	 TIME	 FOR	 THIS	 I’M	 SORRY	 CRAP,	 DIE	 YOU	 WORTHLESS	 JEDI
SCUM!”
HIS	RED	LIGHTSABER	ENTERED	THE	HOLE	IN	HIS	STOMACH	AND	THE	TIP	OF	HIS
BLADE	SHOT	OUT	OF	THE	TOP	OF	THE	JEDI’S	HEAD.	BEFORE	THE	SITH	MASTER
COULD	RETRACT	THE	BLADE	FROM	THE	WOUND,	THE	BODY	DISAPPEARED	AND
LORD	 SCIN	 WAS	 BURNING	 THE	 FLOOR	 WITH	 THE	 SABER.	 HE	 STOOD	 UP	 AND
WALKED	 BY	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 AND	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 NOT	 SAYING	 A	 WORD
AND	LEFT	THE	JEDI	TEMPLE.
“WELL	I	WAS	JUST	STANDING	HERE	WATCHING	LORD	TABAH’S	FIGHTING	SKILLS
WITH	 THE	 LAST	 OF	 THE	 REMAINING	 JEDI….HE	 IS	 MUCH	 BETTER	 THAN	 I
THOUGHT,	DARTH	LUCRATIS,	I’LL	KEEP	MY	EYE	ON	HIM.”	THE	SUPREME	MASTER
SAID.	 DARTH	 TABAH	 WAS	 SURROUNDED	 BY	 EIGHT	 JEDI,	 WHO	 WERE
SURROUNDED	 BY	 THE	 SITH	 ARMY.	 HE	 WASN’T	 SURE	 IF	 THEY	 WERE	 MASTERS
OR	 APPRENTICES…AND	 HE	 DIDN’T	 CARE,	 THEY	 HAD	 TO	 DIE	 AND	 IT	 WAS	 HIS
JOB	 TO	 DO	 SO.	 LUNGING	 FORWARD	 HE	 THRUST	 HIS	 RED	 SABER	 INTO	 A	 JEDI
FEMALE’S	 WAIST,	 RAN	 IT	 UP	 AND	 OUT	 OF	 THE	 TOP	 OF	 HER	 HEAD,	 ANOTHER
JEDI	 BEHIND	 HIM	 STEPPED	 FORWARD	 AS	 HIS	 BLADE	 CAME	 DOWN	 AND	 THE
UNEXPERIENCED	JEDI	RAN	RIGHT	INTO	THE	SABER,	CUTTING	HIMSELF	IN	HALF.
THE	 REMAINING	 JEDI	 STOOD	 AND	 WATCHED	 IN	 HORROR	 AS	 THIS	 EVIL	 MAN
CUT	 DOWN	 TOW	 OF	 THEIR	 FELLOW	 JEDI	 AND	 WAS	 ATTACKING	 THE	 REST.
DARTH	TABAH	TURNED	THE	POWER	UP	ON	HIS	SABER	AND	PULLED	ANOTHER
FROM	 HIS	 BELT,	 IGNITING	 IT,	 A	 FEW	 OF	 THE	 JEDI	 WERE	 USING	 TWO	 SABERS
BUT,	 THE	 DARK	 LORD	 HAD	 A	 TRICK	 UP	 HIS	 SLEEVE	 THAT	 HAD	 NEVER	 BEEN
DONE	BEFORE.
HE	 SAT	 ON	 THE	 FLOOR,	 CLOSED	 HIS	 EYES	 AND	 PLACED	 HIS	 SABERS	 ON	 THE
FLOOR	NEXT	TO	HIM.	THE	JEDI	SLOWLY	MOVED	IN	TO	STRIKE	DOWN	THE	SITH
MASTER,	ALL	OF	A	SUDDEN	THE	JEDI’S	SABERS	LEFT	THEIR	HANDS	AND	LEFT
THEM	 COMPLETELY	 DEFENSELESS.	 STILL	 SITTING	 DOWN,	 THE	 SITH	 BEGAN	 TO
JUGGLE	TEN	LIGHTSABERS.	USING	THE	FORCE,	HE	TURNED	EACH	ONE	ON	AND
BEGAN	DISECTING	JEDI	IN	PIECES	BEFORE	EACH	OTHER’S	EYES.	
“NOW	THAT	IS	A	CREATIVE	MIND	OF	THE	SITH!”	DARTH	LUCRATIS	SAID	AS	HE

AND	DARTH	BRUTICUS	WATCHED	THE	AMAZING	ATTACK	THAT	THE	SITH	LORD
WAS	EXECUTING.	ONE,	TWO,	THREE,	FOUR,	FIVE	JEDI	WERE	EASILY	CUT	APART,
LEAVING	ONE	ALIVE,	DARTH	TABAH	DROPPED	ALL	SABERS	BUT	HIS	OWN,	AND
TOSSED	HIS	FOE	A	WEAPON.	HE	LOOKED	AROUND	FOR	A	QUICK	MOMENT,	HE
SHUT	 OFF	 HIS	 SABER	 AND	 THREW	 HIS	 HANDS	 TO	 HIS	 SIDES,	 DROPPING	 TWO
SMOKE	BOMBS	TO	TRY	AND	DISTRACT	THE	SITH	MASTER	WHILE	HE	TRIED	TO
ESCAPE.	FORCE	JUMPING	UP,	
THE	JEDI	FLEW	UP	FIVE	STORIES	ONTO	A	BALCONY	AND	TURNED	AROUND	TO
RUN	 AWAY	 AND	 RAN	 INTO	 A	 RED	 LIGHTSABER	 BLADE.	 LOOKING	 UP	 HE	 SAW
DARTH	 TABAH	 STANDING	 IN	 FRONT	 OF	 HIM	 HOLDING	 THE	 SABER	 AND	 THE
BLADE	IN	HIS	CHEST.	“THAT’S	THE	OLDEST	TRICK	IN	THE	BOOK,	JEDI.”
HE	 SAID	 AS	 THE	 MAN	 FELL	 ON	 HIS	 BACK	 AND	 DIED.	 DARTH	 TABAH	 STOOD
OVER	HIM,	SHOOK	HIS	HEAD	AND	STEPPED	ON	HIM	AS	HE	WALKED	AWAY.	“SO
WHO	 GAVE	 YOU	 THE	 SACRED	 INFORMATION	 THAT	 KALANA	 WAS	 HERE?”
DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 ASKED	 TABAH.	 “JARSA	 FETT	 SWORE	 THAT	 HIS	 INFO	 WAS
GENUINE,	LORD	SCIN	AND	I	TORE	THIS	PLACE	APART	LOOKING	FOR	HER.	THEY
KILLED	A	FORCE-USER,	BURNED	IT’S	BODY,	AND	PLACED	IT	INTO	A	CAGE	FOR
US	TO	FIND,	IT	WAS	MY	FAULT	GRAND	MASTER…I,	UH.”	TABAH	SAID	AS	DARTH
BRUTICUS	HELD	HIS	HAND	UP,	SHOOK	HIS	HEAD	AND	SAID,	“NO,	DON’T	BEAT
YOURSELF	UP	OVER	THIS,	IT	WAS	GOOD	THAT	WE	CAME	HERE.	WE	FOUND	THE
OUTER	 RIM	 TEMPLE	 AND	 DESTROYED	 IT.	 WE	 LOST	 NOT	 ONE	 SITH	 IN	 THE
BATTLE	 AND	 THE	 JEDI	 WERE	 KILLED.	 NOW	 LET’S	 GO	 HOME	 AND	 REST,	 MY
FRIEND.	 THERE	 WILL	 BE	 OTHER	 BATTLES	 SOON	 TO	 FIGHT	 AND	 KALANA	 WILL
APPEAR	TO	US	IN	TIME.”
DARTH	 MAZARILL	 WAS	 IN	 THE	 COUNCIL	 CHAMBERS	 AS	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS
ARRIVED,	HE	WAS	EXHAUSTED	FROM	THE	TRIP	AND	NEEDED	TO	REST,	BUT	THE
SUPREME	MASTER	HAD	OTHER	PLANS	FOR	THE	SITH	MASTER.	“I	WANT	YOU	TO
TO	RETURN	AND	KILL	SEACO	BUROC,	I’M	TIRED	OF	PLAYING	WITH	HIM	AND	I
WANT	HIM	DESTROYED.”	DARTH	MAZARILL	GOT	UP	FROM	HIS	SEAT	AND	SAID,
“IF	 I	 RETURN	 THEY	 WILL	 KNOW	 THAT’S	 IT’S	 ME	 BEHIND	 THE	 ATTACKS,	 AND
THEY	WILL	KILL	ME.”	DARTH	BRUTICUS	LOOKED	OVER	AT	THE	YOUNG	MASTER
AND	BEGAN	TO	LAUGH.	“YOUNG	ONE,	YOU	THINK	TOO	SMALL,	YOU	HONESTLY
THINK	THAT	I	WOULD	SEND	YOU	IN	HARM’S	WAY?”	THE	SITH	MASTER	LOOKED
OVER	 AT	 THE	 SUPREME	 MASTER	 WHO	 BLINKED	 HIS	 EYES	 REPEATEDLY	 AND
GAVE	A	SMILE.	DARTH	MAZARILL	FROWNED	AT	DARTH	BRUTICUS	AND	SAID,
“YOU’VE	 GOT	 PROBLEMS	 MASTER	 AND	 I	 DON’T	 THINK	 THAT	 BATTING	 YOUR
EYES	IS	GOING	TO	HELP…LET	ALONE	GIVE	ME	ANY	CONFIDENCE.”	HE	TURNED
AND	WALKED	OUT	OF	THE	COUNCIL	CHAMBERS.	DARTH	BRUTICUS	STOOD	AND
STARED	 OUT	 OF	 THE	 WINDOW	 AT	 THE	 APPRENTICES	 TRAINING	 WITH	 DARTH
LAZUR	 AND	 DARTH	 NORAA.	 HE	 SAT	 DOWN	 AT	 HIS	 SEAT	 IN	 FRONT	 OF	 THE
CONTROLS	AND	VIEWSCREENS,	HE	PUSHED	A	BUTTON	AND	MZ-12	APPEARED
WITH	DARTH	LILITH

.	 “SUPREME	 MASTER.”	 THEY	 BOWED	 AND	 SAID,	 “WE	 HAVE	 TEN	 CITIDELS	 AND
FOUR	 TEMPLES	 UP	 AND	 RUNNING	 IN	 THE	 OUTER	 RIM	 AND	 WILD	 SPACE.	 WE
HAVE	TWENTY	THOUSAND	NEW	TROOPS	AND	MORE	ARE	ON	THE	WAY.”	DARTH
BRUTICUS	SHOOK	HIS	HEAD,	“THAT’S	NOT	ENOUGH	MZ,	WE’LL	NEED	AT	LEAST
TWO	 MILLION	 JUST	 TO	 FIGHT	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 NAVY…GET	 THE	 SITH	 HOUNDS
TOGETHER…I	HAVE	AN	IDEA.
LORD	SCIN	RETURNED	TO	THE	TEMPLE	ON	KORRIBAN	AND	WAS	WATCHING	HIS
DEATH	SQUAD	TRAIN.	SIX	OF	THE	MOST	DEADLY	SITH	WERE	AT	HIS	PERSONAL
COMMAND	AND	WOULD	DO	ANYTHING	FOR	HIM,	EVEN	FIGHT	TO	THE	DEATH.
THE	 DARK	 MASTER	 AND	 HIS	 APPRENTICES	 ENTERED	 THE	 LIGHTSABER
TRAINING	 AREA	 AND	 WAS	 STANDING	 AMONG	 FIVE	 HUNDRED	 SPECTATORS
WHO	 WERE	 WAITING	 TO	 FIGHT	 THE	 BEST	 OF	 THE	 BEST.	 THE	 SITH	 MASTER
TURNED	TO	THE	SIX	AND	SAID,	
“TAKE	 THEM!”	 SUDDENLY	 HE	 FELT	 A	 DISTURBANCE	 AND	 PUT	 HIS	 ARM	 OUT,
“WAIT!”	 THEY	 STOPPED	 AND	 LOOKED	 AT	 THEIR	 MASTER.	 “FOLLOW	 ME,
SOMETHING	 IS	 GOING	 ON,	 LET’S	 GO!”	 HE	 SAID	 AND	 THEY	 LEFT	 THE	 ROOM.
DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 STOOD	 IN	 THE	 CORNER	 OF	 THE	 WAR	 ROOM	 WATCHING
THEM,	 THEY	 DIDN’T	 THINK	 THAT	 ANYONE	 WAS	 THERE	 BUT	 HE	 WAS,	 AND	 HE
SAW	EVERY	MOVE	THAT	THEY	MADE.
AS	SECOND	IN	COMMAND	AND	THE	MOST	STEALTHLY	SITH	IN	THE	ORDER,	HE
KNEW	THAT	THERE	WERE	SPIES,	“ALL	OF	THESE	IDIOTS	WERE	ONCE	JEDI	AND
NOW	THEY	ARE	TURNING	AGAINST	US.”	HE	WHISPERED	TO	HIMSELF.	HE	FROZE
AGAINST	 THE	 WALL	 AS	 THEY	 APPROACHED,	 FOUR	 APPRENTICES	 WALKED	 BY
AND	 DIDN’T	 EVEN	 NOTICE	 THE	 SITH	 MASTER	 STANDING	 THERE.	 DARTH
LUCRATIS	 CAME	 OUT	 OF	 HIS	 HIDING	 PLACE	 AND	 CREPT	 BEHIND	 THEM,	 HE
TURNED	 ON	 HIS	 SABER	 AND	 SPOKE,	 “HEY	 JEDI!”	 THEY	 TURNED	 AROUND	 AS
THE	SITH	MASTER	SWUNG	HIS	SABER	ACROSS	THEIR	HEADS.
CUTTING	 OFF	 THE	 TOPS	 OF	 THEIR	 THINKING	 CAPS,	 THE	 BODIES	 FELL	 TO	 THE
FLOOR.	OUT	IN	THE	HALL	TWO	APPRENTICES	SAW	WHAT	HAD	HAPPENED	AND
TRIED	 CATCHING	 THE	 SITH	 LORD	 OFF	 GUARD	 AS	 THEY	 CHARGED	 FORWARD
ATTEMPTING	 TO	 ATTACK	 HIM.	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 HELD	 UP	 HIS	 HAND	 AND
LIGHTNING	SHOT	OUT	OF	HIS	FINGERTIPS	AND	MADE	CONTACT	WITH	ONE	OF
THE	 STUDENTS	 WHO	 HAD	 NO	 TIME	 TO	 DEFLECT	 THE	 ATTACK.	 IT	 THREW	 THE
STUDENT	 TWENTY	 FEET	 ACROSS	 THE	 GREAT	 HALL	 AND	 EMBEDDED	 IT’S
LIFELESS	BODY	INTO	A	MARBLE	PILLAR.
USING	 THE	 FORCE,	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 STRIPPED	 THE	 SKIN	 OFF	 THE	 OTHER
STUDENT.	 MAKING	 A	 FIST	 WITH	 HIS	 HAND,	 THE	 STUDENT	 CRIED	 OUT	 IN	 PAIN
AS	HIS	BONES	WERE	BREAKING,	HIS	BODY	CRUMPLED	INTO	A	BALL	OF	BLOODY
FLESH.	THAT	CAUGHT	THE	ATTENTION	OF	EVERY	PASSER-BY.	THE	DARK	LORD
FORCE-KICKED	 THE	 FLESH	 HEAP	 ACROSS	 THE	 TEMPLE	 AND	 LEFT	 THE	 WAR
ROOM.	
SEEING	THAT	EVERY	APPRENTICE	WAS	STARING	AT	HIM	IN	HORROR.	HE	YELLED

OUT,	“THAT’S	WHAT	WE	DO	TO	TRAITORS,	SPIES,	AND	SITH	WHO	RETURN	TO
THE	LIGHT!”
TEN	 SUPER	 FREIGHTERS	 DOCKED	 AT	 THE	 TEMPLE.	 A	 VOICE	 CAME	 OVER	 THE
INTERCOM	 AND	 SAID,	 “DARTH	 BRUTICUS,	 LUCRATIS,	 TABAH,	 NORAA,
MAZARILL,	LAZUR,	KAMENWATI,	AND	LORD	SCIN	REPORT	TO	THE	NORTHWEST
LANDING	PADS	IMMEDIATELY!”
THE	 VOICE	 REPEATED	 THE	 MESSAGE	 AGAIN.	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 ARRIVED	 FIRST
AT	THE	PAD	AND	WAS	MET	BY	MZ-12	AND	DARTH	LILITH.	THE	TWO	OF	THEM
BOWED	 AND	 MZ	 SPOKE.	 “SUPREME	 MASTER,	 THE	 SITH	 HOUNDS	 THAT	 YOU
REQUESTED	 HAVE	 ARRIVED	 AND	 ARE	 READY	 FOR	 THE	 MISSION,	 MY	 LORD.”
DARTH	BRUTICUS	SMILED	AND	SAW	THE	OTHER	SITH	MASTERS	AND	TRUSTED
MEMBERS	OF	THE	ORDER	GATHERING	AROUND	HIM	OUTSIDE
.	“DARTH	LUCRATIS	HAS	BROUGHT	SOMETHING	OF	GRAVE	IMPORTANCE	TO	MY
ATTENTION,	MANY	APPRENTICES	HAVE	BETRAYED	US	AND	RETURNED	TO	THE
JEDI,	 DUE	 TO	 THIS	 ACT,	 I	 WILL	 PURGE	 OUR	 TEMPLE	 OF	 THE	 JEDI!”	 THE
SUPREME	 MASTER	 SAID	 AS	 HE	 NODDED	 TO	 MZ-12	 WHO	 OPENED	 THE
FREIGHTERS	AND	THOUSANDS	OF	SITH	HELL	HOUNDS	RAN	OUT	AND	INTO	THE
TEMPLE.	 DARTH	 KAMENWATI	 USED	 THE	 FORCE,	 SHUT	 AND	 LOCKED	 THE
ENTRANCE	 AND	 EXIT	 DOORS.	 “FEAST	 MY	 FRIENDS!	 THERE	 IS	 PLENTY	 FOR
EVERYONE!”	DARTH	BRUTICUS	YELLED	AS	HE	SHUT	THE	FINAL	DOOR.
“WE	 HAVE	 FIVE	 MILLION	 TROOPERS	 READY	 TO	 DEPLOY	 FOR	 NABOO	 AND	 WE
ARE	MAKING	MORE	AS	WE	SPEAK.”	MZ-12	SAID	AS	THE	MASTERS	STOOD	IN	A
CIRCLE	DISCUSSING	THE	UPCOMING	BATTLE.	“THE	JEDI	WILL	FALL	FROM	THEIR
GRACE	 AND	 THIS	 WILL	 BE	 THE	 BIGGEST	 SITH	 WAR	 EVER!”	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS
ADDED.
THE	 SITH	 HOUNDS	 WERE	 CHASING	 DOWN	 THEIR	 FOOD	 IN	 THE	 TEMPLE	 ON
KORRIBAN,	 THERE	 WAS	 NO	 WHERE	 TO	 HIDE,	 THEY	 WERE	 BORN	 HERE	 MANY
THOUSANDS	OF	YEARS	AGO	AND	KNEW	EVERY	PLACE	TO	HIDE	THAT	COULD	BE
THOUGHT	 OF	 AND	 THE	 SO	 CALLED	 JEDI	 WERE	 GREATLY	 OUTNUMBERED,	 THE
HOUNDS	DIDN’T	LOSE	A	SINGLE	ONE	TO	TO	THE	ENEMY,	THEY	KILLED	AND	ATE
THEIR	 FILL,	 BONES	 AND	 ALL…NOTHING	 WENT	 TO	 WASTE.	 LATER	 DARTH
BRUTICUS	 SUMMONED	 THEM	 BACK	 TO	 THE	 SUPER	 FREIGHTERS	 AND	 THEY
DEPARTED	 TO	 NABOO.	 LORD	 KAMENWATI	 CLIMBED	 INTO	 HIS	 SHIP,	 “WHERE
ARE	 YOU	 GOING?”	 DARTH	 LAZUR	 ASKED,	 WALKING	 OVER	 TO	 THE	 DARKLORD.
“THE	SITH	HELL	HOUNDS	ARE	GOING	TO	NABOO,	WHICH	IS	THE	BIGGEST	JEDI
TEMPLE	IN	THE	GALAXY	AND	I’M	GOING	TO	SEE	THE	FUN!”	DARTH	KAMENWATI
SAID	 AS	 THE	 COCKPIT	 HATCH	 SHUT,	 THE	 ENGINES	 STARTED	 AND	 THE
SITHFIGHTER	 LEFT	 THE	 LANDING	 PAD	 BOUND	 FOR	 NABOO.	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS
LOOKED	AT	LORD	SCIN	AND	SAID,	“SEND	SIX	LEGIONS	OF	TROOPS	TO	NABOO,	I
HAVE	 A	 FEELING	 THAT	 MASTER	 KAMENWATI	 WILL	 GET	 INTO	 TROUBLE	 AND
NEED	 THE	 HELP.”	 DARTH	 LAZUR	 BOWED	 AND	 SAID,	 “I’LL	 GO	 WITH	 THEM

MASTER.”	
“WERE	UNDER	FIRE!”	DARTH	KAMENWATI	SCREAMED	INTO	HIS	COMLINK	AS	HE
BARELY	 DODGED	 OUT	 OF	 THE	 WAY	 FROM	 A	 MISSILE	 HITTING	 HIS	 SHIP.	 “THE
HELL	 HOUNDS	 WERE	 DESTROYED	 THE	 MOMENT	 THEY	 LANDED	 AND	 THE	 JEDI
HAVE	 A	 GRAND	 ARMY	 WITH	 THE	 REPUBLIC!”	 HE	 TURNED	 TO	 SEE	 GUNGANS
ATTACKING	 HIM	 FROM	 THE	 FOREST,	 USING	 A	 SITH	 MIND	 TRICK,	 DARTH
KAMENWATI	 WAVED	 HIS	 HAND	 AT	 THE	 GUNGAN	 LEADERS	 AND	 SAID,	 “YOU
WILL	 ATTACK	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 AND	 THE	 JEDI,	 THEY	 ARE	 YOUR	 ENEMIES!”	 HE
COMMANDED.	THE	ARMY	OF	GUNGANS	WALKED	BY	HIM	AND	STARTED	THEIR
ATTACK	 ON	 THE	 REPUBLIC.	 LORD	 KAMENWATI	 SET	 A	 HOMING	 BEACON	 AND
BEGAN	CLEARING	TREES	WITH	HIS	LIGHTSABER	FOR	AN	AMBUSH.
WHEN	 HE	 FINISHED,	 THE	 DARKLORD	 BEGAN	 BUILDING	 TRAPS	 AND	 SETTING
BOMBS	 WHEN	 HE	 FELT	 A	 DARK	 PRESENCE.	 HE	 TURNED	 AROUND	 AND	 WAS
FACE	 TO	 FACE	 WITH	 DARTH	 LAZUR.	 “WELL	 HELLO	 LORD	 KAMENWATI,	 YOU
KNOW,	 OF	 ALL	 MY	 YEARS	 AS	 A	 SITH	 LORD	 I’VE	 NEVER	 SEEN	 A	 SITH	 FARMER
BEFORE,	 MAYBE	 YOU	 SHOULD	 GET	 A	 HAT,	 BOOTS,	 AND	 A	 RAKE!”	 HE	 SAID
LAUGHING.	 DARTH	 KAMENWATI	 FOUND	 NO	 HUMOR	 IN	 ANYTHING	 HE	 SAID
AND	FORCE	PUSHED	DARTH	LAZUR	FACE	FIRST	THROUGH	THE	MUD	AND	INTO
A	 BUSH	 OF	 IVY	 LEAVES.	 THE	 DIRTY	 DARK	 LORD	 IGNORED	 IT	 AND	 ONLY
LAUGHED	 HARDER.	 “YOU	 KNOW,	 PEOPLE	 HAVE	 SAID	 LESS	 AND	 DIED	 MORE
HORRIBLE	DEATHS	THAN	YOU	WILL	IF	YOU	KEEP	TALKING.”
DARTH	 KAMENWATI	 SAID	 AS	 HE	 STEPPED	 ON	 DARTH	 LAZUR’S	 HEAD	 AND
SMASHED	HIS	FACE	DEEPER	INTO	THE	MUD.	DARTH	LAZUR	GOT	UP	AND	WIPED
THE	 MUD	 FROM	 HIS	 FACE	 AND	 STARTED	 SCRATCHING	 HIS	 FACE,	 NECK,	 AND
ARMS.	“WHAT	DID	I	SLIDE	THROUGH?”	THE	JOKER	ASKED.	DARTH	KAMENWATI
SHRUGGED	HIS	SHOULDERS	AND	SAID,	“I	DON’T	KNOW,	ALL	I	SAW	WAS	MUD.”
DARTH	LAZUR	WALKED	AWAY	TALKING	TO	HIMSELF	AND	SAID,	“YEP!	FARMER
KAMENWATI	HERE	TO	PLOW	THE	FOREST!”	HE	SAID	AND	STARTED	LAUGHING
AGAIN	 WHEN	 DARTH	 KAMENWATI	 USED	 THE	 FORCE	 AND	 TRIPPED	 THE	 SITH
LORD	 INTO	 A	 BIG	 MUD	 PUDDLE	 FACE	 FIRST.	 SGT.	 ASHCRAFT	 HELPED	 DARTH
LAZUR	TO	HIS	FEET	AND	SAID,
“LET	 ME	 KNOW	 WHEN	 YOU	 TWO	 LOVEBIRDS	 ARE	 DONE	 WITH	 YOUR	 MATING
CALLS	 SO	 WE	 CAN	 PREPARE	 FOR	 THIS	 ATTACK…”	 HE	 WAS	 CUT	 OFF	 BY	 THE
VETERAN	SITH	LORD	WHO	MOTIONED	THE	TROOPS	TO	SPREAD	OUT	AND	SAID,
AWAIT	 MY	 ORDERS,	 HOLD	 YOUR	 POSITIONS…THEY	 ARE	 COMING!”	 DARTH
KAMENWATI	 SAID.	 USING	 THE	 FORCE	 HE	 SENSED	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 FORCES
ADVANCING	ON	THEIR	POSITION.	AS	THEY	GOT	CLOSER,	THE	TROOPS	TRIPPED
THE	 SIGNAL	 FLARES	 AND	 FROZE	 IN	 THEIR	 TRACKS.	 DARTH	 KAMENWATI
TURNED	HIS	SABER	ON	AND	FORCE	RAN	THROUGH	THE	FOREST	TOWARD	THE
ENEMY.	 “GENERAL!	 IT’S	 A	 JEDI!?”	 THE	 SOLDIER	 SAID	 AS	 THE	 SITH	 LORD	 RAN
HIS	 SABER	 THROUGH	 HIS	 CHEST,	 HE	 TOOK	 A	 STEP	 BACK	 AND	 PULLED	 THE
BURNING	BLADE	FROM	HIS	BODY,	THEN	SPUN	THE	WEAPON	AROUND	AND	CUT

OFF	 THE	 HEADS	 OF	 THE	 FOUR	 TROOPS	 STANDING	 ON	 BOTH	 SIDES	 OF	 THE
FIRST	VICTIM.	“ATTACK!”
DARTH	 LAZUR	 YELLED,	 LEADING	 THE	 SITH	 TROOPS	 TOWARD	 THE	 ENEMY.
DARTH	KAMENWATI	TURNED	AROUND	AND	HELD	OUT	HIS	HAND	AND	YELLED,
“STOP!”	 THE	 SITHLORD	 STOPPED	 ALONG	 WITH	 THE	 LEGIONS	 OF	 TROOPS
BEHIND	 HIM.	 “THERE’S	 NO	 NEED	 TO	 ATTACK	 JUST	 YET,	 MY	 FRIEND…WATCH
AND	 LEARN	 FROM	 A	 VETERAN	 WARRIOR.”	 DARTH	 KAMENWATI	 SAID	 PUTTING
AWAY	 HIS	 LIGHTSABER	 AND	 WHISPERED	 A	 SPELL,	 A	 RED	 AND	 BLACK	 FLAME
APPEARED	 IN	 THE	 PALM	 OF	 HIS	 HAND.	 USING	 THE	 FORCE	 HE	 BLEW	 AT	 THE
FLAME	 WHICH	 ENGULFED	 THE	 FOREST	 BEFORE	 THE	 SITH	 ARMY	 AND	 SPREAD
TO	THE	REPUBLIC	TROOPS	AND	JEDI	BURNING	THEM	INSTANTLY.	DARTH	LAZUR
STOOD	 NEXT	 TO	 DARTH	 KAMENWATI	 AND	 SAID	 IN	 A	 LOW	 VOICE,	 “YOU’LL
HAVE	TO	TEACH	ME	THAT	ONE	DAY.”	DARTH	KAMENWATI	LOOKED	DOWN	AND
SMILED	 AT	 HIS	 FRIEND	 AND	 SAID,	 “I’D	 BE	 HONORED	 TO	 MY	 FRIEND,	 I’D	 BE
HONORED	TO.”	DARTH	LAZUR’S	COMLINK	STARTED	BEEPING,	“YES?”	HE	ASKED.
“WE	HAVE	FOUR	MORE	LEGIONS	APPROACHING	THE	PLANET	SIR!”	A	TROOPER
SAID.
“MASTER	 SMITH!”	 A	 JEDI	 SAID	 RUNNING	 TO	 CATCH	 UP	 TO	 HIS	 MASTER.
“MASTER,	WE’VE	SPOTTED	SEVERAL	SHIPS	COMING	OUT	OF	HYPERSPACE	AND
ARE	 HEADED	 THIS	 WAY!”	 THE	 JEDI	 SAID	 AS	 MASTER	 SMITH	 ENTERED	 THE
COUNCIL	CHAMBERS	AND	SAT	DOWN	AT	HIS	SEAT	AS	THE	YOUNG	JEDI	TRIED
TO	 WARN	 THE	 MASTERS.	 “THERE	 ARE	 ALMOST	 ONE	 MILLION	 TROOPS
ATTACKING	 US	 AND	 YOU	 ARE	 ALL	 SITTING	 ON	 YOUR	 BUTTS	 LOOKING	 AT	 ME
LIKE	 I’M	 CRAZY!”	 HE	 YELLED.	 GRAND	 MASTER	 TRAZ	 HELD	 UP	 HIS	 HAND	 AND
SAID,	 “BE	 SILENT	 YOUNG	 ONE,	 WE	 ARE	 WELL	 AWARE	 OF	 THE	 EMEMIES
NUMBERS…AND	 THEY	 ARE	 NOWHERE	 NEAR	 OURS.	 THIS	 GRAND	 TEMPLE	 IS
BIGGER	 THAN	 THE	 OTHER	 TEMPLES	 COMBINED	 AND	 HOUSES	 OVER	 FIVE
MILLION	 JEDI	 AND	 MILLIONS	 OF	 TROOPS,	 PLUS	 THERE	 IS	 THE	 TEMPLE	 ON
TATOOINE	 IF	 WE	 NEED	 ANY	 ASSISTANCE.	 SO	 THERE	 IS	 NO	 WAY	 WE	 CAN	 BE
DEFEATED,	 NOW	 IF	 YOU	 WOULD,	 SEE	 YOUR	 WAY	 OUT	 OF	 THE	 CHAMBER	 SO
THAT	WE	MAY	START	THE	DAY’S	BUSINESS.”
THE	 YOUNG	 JEDI	 BOWED	 AND	 SAID,	 “I’M	 SORRY	 MASTERS	 FOR	 MY	 WORRY.”
MASTER	SMITH	SAT	AND	RUBBED	HIS	CHIN,	HE	SUDDENLY	FELT	A	FLUTTER	IN
THE	FORCE…AND	THE	GRAND	MASTER	WAS	LYING!	AS	THE	BOY	WAS	LEAVING
HE	GOT	UP	FROM	HIS	SEAT	AND	BOWED	TO	THE	COUNCIL	AND	SAID,	“EXCUSE
ME	 MASTERS	 BUT	 I’VE	 GOT	 SOME	 BUSINESS	 OF	 GREAT	 IMPORTANCE	 TO
ATTEND	 TO.”	 HE	 AND	 FOLLOWED	 THE	 BOY	 OUT	 OF	 THE	 CHAMBERS.	 THE
MASTER	 JEDI	 LOOKED	 OUT	 OF	 THE	 WINDOWS	 AND	 SAW	 THE	 ENEMY.
COMMANDER	 SNOW	 WALKED	 UP	 BEHIND	 MASTER	 SMITH	 AND	 SPOKE,
“MASTER,	 WE’VE	 RETURNED	 FROM	 THE	 FRONT	 AND	 THE	 ENEMY	 GENERALS
ARE	USING	LIGHTSABERS…RED	LIGHTSABERS,	HAVE	YOU	EVER	SEEN	A	COLOR
LIKE	 THAT	 BEFORE?”	 THE	 MASTER	 JEDI	 CLOSED	 HIS	 EYES	 AND	 BEGAN	 TO

MEDITATE,	A	FEW	MOMENTS	LATER	HE	OPENED	HIS	EYES	AND	SAID,
“NO,	 I	 HAVE	 NOT	 COMMANDER,	 LET	 ME	 LOOK	 INTO	 THAT	 AND	 I’LL	 GET	 BACK
TO	 YOU.	 IN	 THE	 MEAN	 TIME,	 CONTINUE	 YOUR	 ATTACK,	 AND	 SEND	 OUT	 THE
BOMBERS.”	COMMANDER	SNOW	SALUTED	THE	JEDI	AND	SAID,	“YES	SIR,	RIGHT
AWAY!”	 AND	 RAN	 AWAY.	 CONFUSED,	 MASTER	 SMITH	 AND	 THE	 BOY	 WALKED
TO	 THE	 LIFTS.	 “MASTER,	 WHERE	 ARE	 WE	 GOING?”	 THE	 BOY	 ASKED.	 THEY
ENTERED	THE	LIFT,	MASTER	SMITH	PUSHED	A	BUTTON	AND	LOOKED	DOWN	AT
THE	 BOY	 AND	 SAID,	 “TO	 THE	 LIBRARY,	 TO	 SEARCH	 FOR	 THE	 TRUTH.”	 HIGH
ABOVE	THE	FOREST	CANOPY	A	MAN	SAT	AND	WATCHED	THE	BATTLE	UNFOLD,
WONDERING	HOW	THEY	GOT	AWAY	WITH	THEIR	TREACHERY.	THE	HATE	IN	HIM
HAD	SUBSIDED	AND	FADED	AWAY…FOR	NOW.	IN	THE	DISTANCE	HE	SAW	THE
JEDI	 AND	 THEIR	 ARMIES	 ASSEMBLING	 OUTSIDE	 OF	 THE	 TEMPLE,	 THE	 SITH
ARMY	WAS	HUNDREDS	OF	FEET	BELOW	HIM	AND	HAD	NO	IDEA	THAT	HE	WAS
THERE.	“I’LL	JUST	SIT	BACK	AND	STAY	OUT	OF	HISTORY’S	WAY	FOR	THE	TIME
BEING	AND	LET	THE	JEDI	AND	SITH	SCUM	DESTROY	EACH	OTHER,	THEN	I	WILL
TAKE	OVER!”	HE	WHISPERED	TO	HIMSELF.
THE	 BOUNTY	 HUNTER’S	 SHIP	 LANDED	 ON	 A	 FLOATING	 LANDING	 PAD	 ON
CORUSCANT,	“WELL,	WELL,	JARSA	FETT,	I	TOLD	YOU	TO	NEVER,	EVER	MEET	ME
HERE.	 MY	 JOB…”	 THE	 MAN	 WAS	 CUT	 OFF	 BY	 JARSA	 WHO	 GRABBED	 HIM	 BY
THE	THROAT	AND	SAID,	“YOU	LISTEN	TO	ME…”	JARSA	WAS	CUT	OFF	AS	WELL
BY	ONE	OF	THE	MAN’S	GUARDS	WHO	HIT	HIM	IN	THE	BACK	WITH	HIS	PIKE	SO
HARD	 THAT	 HE	 LET	 GO	 OF	 HIS	 GRIP	 AND	 FELL	 TO	 THE	 GROUND,	 THE	 GUARD
RETURNED	TO	HIS	POSITION	NEXT	TO	THE	MAN.	JARSA	STOOD	UP	AND	SAID,
“THE	 SITH	 AND	 JEDI	 ARE	 FIGHTING	 AS	 PLANNED,	 I	 KNOW	 WHAT	 I’M	 DOING,
THE	 SITH	 HAVE	 NO	 KNOWLEDGE	 ABOUT	 MY	 PLANS.”	 FETT	 RETURNED	 TO	 HIS
SHIP	 AND	 FLEW	 AWAY.	 MOMENTS	 LATER	 ANOTHER	 SHIP	 LANDED	 AND	 THE
COCKPIT	 OPENED,	 FOUR	 JEDI	 EXITED	 THE	 SHIP	 WHILE	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER
WALKED	OVER	TO	THE	MAN,	BOWED	AND	SAID,	“HELLO	CHANCELLOR,	IT	IS	AN
HONOR	 TO	 FINALLY	 MEET	 YOU	 IN	 PERSON.”	 THE	 SUPREME	 CHANCELLOR
BOWED	AND	SAID,
“THANK	 YOU,	 IT	 IS	 AN	 HONOR	 FOR	 ME	 AS	 WELL.”	 THE	 NEW	 CHANCELLOR
SHOWED	A	WORRIED	LOOK	ON	HIS	FACE	AND	THE	GRAND	MASTER	WAS	QUICK
TO	NOTICE	THAT	SOMETHING	WAS	WRONG	WITH	HIM.	“SOMETHING	TROUBLES
YOU	 SIR?”	 THE	 JEDI	 ASKED.	 THE	 CHANCELLOR	 NODDED	 AND	 SAID	 SOFTLY,	 “I
HAVE	 SOME	 TERRIBLE	 NEWS	 GRAND	 MASTER,	 THE	 OUTER	 RIM	 TEMPLE	 HAS
BEEN	DEFEATED	AND	IT’S	THE	WORK	OF	A	HORRIBLE	MAN.”	THE	GRAND	JEDI
NODDED	 AND	 SAID,	 “I	 SEE,	 AND	 DO	 YOU	 HAVE	 HIS	 NAME	 SIR?”	 THE
CHANCELLOR	STOOD	STILL	AND	SAID	NOTHING.	
THE	JEDI	PLACED	HIS	HAND	ON	THE	SHOULDER	OF	THE	SUPREME	LEADER	AND
SAID,	 “WE	 WILL	 PROTECT	 YOU	 FROM	 HIM…I	 SENSE	 THAT	 HE	 IS	 A	 GREAT
THREAT	TO	YOU,	JUST	GIVE	ME	HIS	NAME	AND	I	PERSONALLY	WILL	DEAL	WITH
HIM,	 I	 PROMISE,	 MY	 FRIEND.”	 THE	 CHANCELLOR	 WIPED	 HIS	 FACE	 AND	 SAID,

“HIS	NAME	IS…..IS	JARSA	FETT.”	THE	JEDI	BOWED	AND	SAID,	“THANK	YOU	MY
FRIEND,	 I	 WILL	 TAKE	 CARE	 OF	 THIS	 RIGHT	 AWAY	 SIR.”	 HE	 TURNED	 AND
WALKED	BACK	TO	THE	SHIP,	TAKING	TWO	OF	THE	FOUR	JEDI	ALONG	WITH	HIM,
LEAVING	TWO	BEHIND	TO	GUARD	THE	SUPREME	CHANCELLOR.	THE	SHIP	FLEW
AWAY	AND	THE	JEDI	WERE	FOLLOWING	THE	CHANCELLOR	BACK	TO	HIS	SHIP.	“I
DON’T	NEED	YOUR	PROTECTION	JEDI,	I	HAVE	BIGGER	THINGS	TO	DO	THAN	TO
HAUL	YOU	TWO	BUMBLING	IDIOTS	AROUND	ALL	DAY.”
THE	 CHANCELLOR	 SAID.	 THE	 TWO	 JEDI	 LOOKED	 OVER	 AT	 EACH	 OTHER	 AND
THE	 CHANCELLOR’S	 GUARDS	 TOOK	 OFF	 THEIR	 MASKS,	 DROPPED	 THEIR	 PIKES
AND	 EACH	 IGNITED	 A	 BLUE	 LIGHTSABER	 AND	 ENGAGED	 THE	 TWO	 JEDI.	 THE
GUARDS	MOVED	VERY	FAST	AND	QUICKLY	STRUCK	DOWN	THE	JEDI.	USING	THE
FORCE	THE	CHANCELLOR	PUSHED	THE	JEDI	OFF	OF	THE	LANDING	PAD	TO	THE
GROUND,	SEVERAL	THOUSAND	FEET	BELOW.	THE	GUARDS	RETURNED	TO	THE
CHANCELLOR’S	 SIDE	 AND	 BOWED.	 “THANK	 YOU	 MY	 LOYAL	 FRIENDS,	 I	 WILL
HELP	 YOU	 WITH	 THE	 DESTRUCTION	 WITH	 THE	 JEDI.”	 THE	 CHANCELLOR	 SAID,
PUTTING	UP	HIS	HOOD.	THE	TWO	GUARDS	TOOK	THEIR	HOODS	OFF	AND	SAID,
“THANK	YOU	FOR	YOUR	ALLEGIANCE…..LORD	SIDIOUS.”	THE	GUARD	SAID.	“NO,
THANK	YOU	SUPREME	MASTER	BRUTICUS	AND	DARTH	LUCRATIS	FOR	BRINGING
ME	HERE.”	DARTH	SIDIOUS	SAID.	
THE	 OLD	 SITH	 MASTER	 BOWED	 TO	 THE	 TWO	 YOUNG	 SITH	 ,	 THE	 THREE
BOARDED	 AN	 ANCIENT	 SITHFIGHTER	 AND	 FLEW	 TO	 THE	 SENATE.	 AS	 THEY
FLEW	AROUND	CORUSCANT,	LORD	SIDIOUS	LOOKED	OUT	OF	THE	WINDOW	AT
EVERYTHING.	 “SO	 MUCH	 HAS	 CHANGED	 SINCE	 MY	 TIME,	 I	 DON’T	 RECOGNIZE
ANYTHING	HERE.”	DARTH	SIDIOUS	SAID.	DARTH	BRUTICUS	LOOKED	BACK	AND
SAID,	 “YOU	 ARE	 THE	 SUPREME	 CHANCELLOR	 OF	 THE	 FUTURE,	 MY	 LORD,
NOTHING	 FROM	 YOUR	 TIME	 IS	 HERE,	 EVERYTHING	 HAS	 BEEN	 REBUILT.”	 LORD
SIDIOUS	LOOKED	AROUND	AS	DARTH	LUCRATIS	FLEW	THE	SHIP,	“HOW	FAR	IN
THE	 FUTURE	 AM	 I?”	 THE	 OLD	 MASTER	 ASKED.	 “YOU	 ARE	 ONE	 MILLION	 TWO
HUNDRED	THOUSAND	YEARS	AFTER	THE	BATTLE	OF	YAVIN.”
DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 SAID.	 THE	 CHANCELLOR	 LOOKED	 AT	 HIM	 CONFUSED.	 DARTH
BRUTICUS	 SAID,	 “AFTER	 THE	 FIRST	 DESTRUCTION	 OF	 THE	 FIRST	 DEATH	 STAR.”
LORD	 SIDIOUS	 NODDED	 AND	 SAID,	 “AH	 YES,	 NOW	 I	 REMEMBER…..THAT
BATTLE.”	 HE	 SAID	 FURIOUSLY.	 “THE	 JEDI	 ARE	 MANY,	 MY	 LORD,	 MANY	 MORE
THAT	 WHAT	 YOU	 AND	 DARTH	 VADER	 DESTROYED.”	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 SAID.
“HOW	MANY?”	SIDIOUS	ASKED.	DARTH	BRUTICUS	SHRUGGED	HIS	SHOULDERS
AND	SAID,	”	WE’RE	NOT	EXACTLY	SURE	MY	LORD,	WE	ESTIMATE	FIVE	MILLION
JEDI	 AND	 MILLIONS	 OF	 REPUBLIC	 TROOPS,	 WE	 HAVE	 FIVE	 MILLION	 SITH
TROOPS	AND	EIGHT	SITH	LORDS	SIR.”
DARTH	SIDIOUS	NODDED	AS	HE	STARED	OUT	OF	THE	WINDOW	AND	SAID,	“ALL
OF	 THIS	 IN	 ONE	 TEMPLE?”	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 LOOKED	 BACK	 AND	 SAID,	 “NO
LORD	SIDIOUS,	THEY	HAVE	SEVEN	TEMPLES	THAT	WE	KNOW	OF,	ONE	OF	THEM
WE	 DESTROYED	 ON	 TATOOINE	 A	 FEW	 WEEKS	 AGO	 AND	 NOW	 WE	 HAVE	 SIX

LEGIONS	 OF	 TROOPS	 ON	 NABOO	 TO	 DESTROY	 THE	 JEDI’S	 GRAND	 TEMPLE
THERE.	 THE	 SHIP	 LANDED	 AT	 THE	 SENATE	 AND	 THE	 THREE	 EXITED	 THE	 SHIP
AND	 WAS	 WELCOMED	 BY	 A	 COMMITTEE	 AND	 NEWS.	 “I’M	 HONORED	 TO	 BE
CHOSEN	FOR	THIS	POSITION	OF	SUPREME	CHANCELLOR	IN	THIS	TIME	OF	WAR.
I	 WILL	 DO	 EVERYTHING	 IN	 MY	 POWER	 TO	 RID	 THE	 GALAXY	 OF	 THESE	 EVIL
FORCES.”	 HE	 BOWED	 AS	 THE	 CROWD	 CAME	 FORWARD	 TO	 MEET	 AND
INTERVIEW	THE	NEW	CHANCELLOR.	AFTER	WHAT	SEEMED	TO	BE	AN	ENDLESS
ETERNITY	 OF	 QUESTIONS,	 HE	 WAS	 LED	 AWAY	 ALONG	 WITH	 THE	 TWO	 SITH
LORDS	 TO	 HIS	 APARTMENT.	 ONCE	 INSIDE	 THE	 SITH	 SAT	 DOWN	 AND	 THE
CHANCELLOR	WAS	SERVED	A	CUP	OF	TEA.
“WE	NEED	TO	GET	TO	WORK	AS	SOON	AS	POSSIBLE	ON	THIS	MATTER,	AFTER	I
TAKE	 A	 NAP	 I	 WILL	 NEED	 TO	 BE	 BRIEFED	 ON	 ALL	 CURRENT	 SITUATIONS.”
DARTH	LUCRATIS	NODDED	AND	SAID,	“I’LL	DO	THAT	MY	LORD,	ALSO	THE	JEDI
OF	 THIS	 TIME	 HAVE	 NO	 IDEA	 OF	 THE	 SITH	 PRESENCE	 OR	 THAT	 WE	 EXIST.”
DARTH	LUCRATIS	SAID.	“IF	YOU	HAVE	THE	ABILITY	TO	TIME	TRAVEL,	WHY	ME?
WHY	 NOT	 GET	 EXAR	 KUN,	 MARKA	 RAGNOS,	 OR	 DARTH	 BANE…WHY	 ME?”
DARTH	SIDIOUS	ASKED.	DARTH	BRUTICUS	DRANK	HIS	TEA	AND	SAID,	”	WELL,	I
WON’T	 GET	 DARTH	 BANE	 CAUSE	 I	 BROKE	 HIS	 HOLOCRON.”	 SIDIOUS	 AND
LUCRATIS	LOOKED	AT	DARTH	BRUTICUS	IN	WONDER.
“I	 GOT	 TIRED	 OF	 HIS	 RULE	 OF	 TWO	 DECLARATION	 AND	 HIS	 CONSTANT
COMPLAINING	SO	I	BROKE	THE	HOLOCRON.”	HE	SAID.	DARTH	SIDIOUS	STARTED
TO	 LAUGH	 AND	 ASKED,	 “DO	 THE	 CLONING	 FACILITIES	 ON	 KAMINO	 STILL
EXIST?”	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 NODDED	 AND	 SAID,	 “YES	 BUT	 THEY	 ARE	 NOT	 ON
KAMINO	 ANYMORE,	 WE	 HAD	 THEM	 MOVED	 AND	 SPREAD	 OUT	 ACROSS	 THE
GALAXY.	 THE	 FACILITIES	 ARE	 MUCH,	 MUCH	 LARGER,	 AND	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 IS
PAYING	FOR	IT!”	SOME	TIME	LATER	THE	ANCIENT	DARK	LORD	RETIRED	TO	HIS
ROOM	AND	WENT	TO	SLEEP.	DARTH	BRUTICUS	GOT	UP	FROM	THE	COUCH	AND
HEADED	 FOR	 THE	 DOOR.	 “I’M	 GOING	 TO	 KORRIBAN	 TO	 ASSIST	 LORD	 TABAH
AND	I’LL	BE	BACK	IN	A	FEW	DAYS,	YOU	STAY	HERE	AND	GET	DARTH	SIDIOUS
UP	 TO	 DATE….AND	 BE	 CAREFUL,	 HE	 IS	 KNOWN	 TO	 KILL	 SITH,	 ESPECIALLY	 IN
THEIR	SLEEP!”	
DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 RETURNED	 TO	 KORRIBAN	 AND	 WAS	 GREETED	 BY	 DARTH
TABAH.	“MASTER,	“I	WAS	JUST	INFORMED	ABOUT	YOU	AND	DARTH	LUCRATIS
BRINGING	 DARTH	 SIDIOUS	 TO	 THE	 FUTURE.”	 LORD	 BRUTICUS	 NODDED	 AND
TOSSED	SOME	SMELLY	FRUIT	IN	HIS	MOUTH.”	DO	YOU	HAVE	TO	EAT	THAT	CRAP
IN	FRONT	OF	ME?”	TABAH	SAID	WHILE	TAKING	A	FEW	STEPS	AWAY	FROM	THE
DARK	 LORD.	 “YOU	 KNOW	 THAT	 IT’S	 A	 VERY,	 VERY	 BAD	 IDEA	 TO	 HAVE	 HIM
HERE,	HE’LL	HELP	US	DESTROY	THE	JEDI	AND	SLAP	US	WITH	A	SITH’S	VERSION
OF	 ORDER	 SIXTY	 SIX.	 I	 SENSE	 THAT	 HE	 WILL	 TRY	 TO	 PULL	 SOMETHING
AGAINST	 US….”	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 PLACED	 HIS	 HAND	 ON	 THE	 YOUNG	 SITH’S
SHOULDER	AND	SAID,	“HE	WON’T	PULL	ANYTHING	YOUNG	ONE,	WE	ARE	ALL

AWARE	 OF	 HIS	 POWERS	 AND	 I	 WILL	 NOT	 ALLOW	 IT	 TO	 TRANSPIRE,	 IF	 I	 EVEN
SENSE	THAT	HE	IS	EVEN	GOING	TO	ATTEMPT	ANY	SUCH	THING,	I’LL	VAPORIZE
HIM.”	
DARTH	TABAH	SMACKED	THE	GRAND	MASTER’S	HAND	OFF	OF	HIS	SHOULDER
AND	 SAID,	 “YOU	 ARE	 BLIND	 MASTER,	 HE	 WILL	 TRY	 SOMETHING	 AND	 YOU
SHOULD	 BE	 GRATEFUL	 THAT	 I	 WARNED	 YOU	 BECAUSE	 IF	 HE	 DOES	 TRY
ANYTHING….ANYTHING,	I	WILL	PERSONALLY	KILL	HIM	AND	THE	PEOPLE	WHO
BROUGHT	 HIM	 HERE.”	 HE	 SAID	 AND	 WALKED	 AWAY.	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 HAD	 A
SURPRISED	 LOOK	 ON	 HIS	 FACE,	 DARTH	 TABAH	 NEVER,	 EVER	 SPOKE	 TO	 HIM
LIKE	THAT	BEFORE.	HE	THOUGHT	OF	WHAT	THE	SITH	MASTER	SAID	AND	THEN
POPPED	ANOTHER	PIECE	OF	SMELLY	FRUIT	IN	HIS	MOUTH.	HE	STOOD	ON	THE
LANDING	 PAD	 AND	 WATCHED	 DARTH	 TABAH	 WALK	 AWAY	 AND	 HE	 DIDN’T
LOOK	 BACK.	 ENTERING	 THE	 SITH	 TEMPLE	 AND	 CLIMBING	 THE	 STAIRS,	 HE
WATCHED	THE	DROIDS	CLEAN	UP	THE	REMAINS	OF	THE	SO	CALLED	JEDI.
“WHAT	 A	 WASTE,	 YOU	 BUILD	 UP	 THE	 SITH	 ARMY	 WITH	 TEN	 THOUSAND	 OR
MORE	APPRENTICES	AND	THEN	ON	A	WHIM	YOU	DESTROY	THEM	ALL,	WHAT	A
WASTE.”	 DARTH	 TABAH	 SAID	 TO	 HIMSELF	 WHILE	 SITTING	 ON	 THE	 RAIL
LOOKING	DOWN	AT	THE	WORKERS.	“IT	WASN’T	A	WASTE	MY	FRIEND.”	DARTH
TABAH	 TURNED	 HIS	 HEAD	 TO	 SEE	 LORD	 SCIN	 STANDING	 NEXT	 TO	 HIM
POLISHING	 THE	 HILT	 OF	 ONE	 OF	 HIS	 LIGHTSABERS.	 “DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 HAS
PROOF	 OF	 THEIR	 TREACHERY,	 HE	 SAW	 THEM	 IN	 THE	 WAR	 ROOM
COMMUNICATING	WITH	THE	JEDI.”	LORD	SCIN	SAID.	DARTH	TABAH	SHOOK	HIS
HEAD,	“SO	THEY	KILL	THE	ENTIRE	TEMPLE	INSTEAD	OF	THE	ONES	THAT	WERE
RESPONSIBLE,	 YOU	 CAN’T	 PUNISH	 AN	 ENTIRE	 TEMPLE	 OF	 SITH	 FOR	 A	 FEW
SCREWUPS….THE	 JEDI	 STILL	 HAVE	 NO	 IDEA	 WHO	 WE	 ARE.”	 HE	 SAID	 CLOSING
HIS	EYES	AND	MEDITATING,	“BUT	SOMEONE	IS	SEARCHING	FOR	THE	TRUTH	OF
US	AS	I	SPEAK.”
HE	 OPENED	 HIS	 EYES	 AND	 SAID,	 “MASTER	 SMITH	 IS	 VERY
RESOURCEFUL…..AND	 VERY	 NOSY,	 HE	 WILL	 DISCOVER	 THE	 TRUTH	 OF	 THE
SITH,	 BUT	 SINCE	 THE	 SITH	 HAVE	 REGAINED	 THE	 POSITION	 OF	 SUPREME
CHANCELLOR,	 I	 GUESS	 I	 MIGHT	 REQUEST	 SOMETHING	 OF	 HIM	 TO	 KEEP	 THE
JEDI	BUSY.”	DARTH	TABAH	SAID.
“MY	FIRST	ACT	AS	SUPREME	CHANCELLOR	IS	TO	SADLY	ANNOUNCE	THAT	THE
REPUBLIC	 CAN	 NO	 LONGER	 FUND	 SO	 MANY	 JEDI	 TEMPLES,	 SO	 THE	 ONES	 ON
TATOOINE,	 TOYDARIA,	 AND	 YAVIN	 WILL	 BE	 CLOSED.	 I’M	 SORRY	 MY	 FRIENDS
BUT	THE	REPUBLIC	IS	GOING	TO	EXPERIENCE	SOME	JEDI	AND	SOLDIER	CUTS.”
TOM	JERICS	COULD	HEAR	NO	MORE	HE	GOT	UP	AND	TURNED	OFF	THE	TV.
“HEY,	I	WAS	WATCHING	THAT.”	A	VOICE	FROM	BEHIND	HIM	SAID.	TOM	TURNED
AROUND	AND	SAW	A	JEDI	SPIRIT	SITTING	IN	THE	CORNER	STARING	UP	AT	THE
BIG	SCREEN.	“WHAT	THE	HELL	ARE	YOU	DOING	HERE?	AREN’T	YOU	SUPPOSED
TO	 BE	 IN	 JEDI	 HEAVEN	 OR	 SOMETHING?”	 TOM	 ASKED.	 “HA	 HA	 HA	 HA,	 THAT
WAS	 REALLY	 FUNNY	 KID,	 I’M	 HERE	 TO	 GIVE	 MY	 ASSISTANCE	 TO	 THE	 GRAND

MASTER,	WHAT	ABOUT	YOU?”	THE	JEDI	ASKED.	TOM	SAT	DOWN	ACROSS	FROM
THE	JEDI,
“I’M	THE	COOK’S	ASSISTANT,	SO	THE	NEW	CHANCELLOR	IS	CLOSING	DOWN	THE
TEMPLES,	THAT’S	JUST	GREAT	OF	HIM,	IT	WILL	BRING	MORE	JEDI	HERE	OR	TO
THE	 GRAND	 TEMPLE	 ON	 NABOO.”	 THE	 SPIRIT	 LOOKED	 IN	 WONDER,“GRAND
TEMPLE?”	HE	ASKED.	TOM	NODDED,	“YES	THE	GRAND	TEMPLE	ON	NABOO	HAS
THE	CAPACITY	TO	HOLD	UP	TO	TEN	MILLION	JEDI.”	TOM	SAID	AS	HE	WIPED	THE
CRUMBS	 OFF	 OF	 THE	 TABLE	 AND	 THREW	 THEM	 IN	 THE	 TRASH	 USING	 THE
FORCE.	 “NICE	 TRICK	 KID,	 IS	 THAT	 ALL	 YOU	 DO	 IS	 ASSIST	 THE	 COOK?”	 THE
SPIRIT	ASKED.	
DARTH	BRUTICUS	AND	MZ-12	WERE	DISCUSSING	THE	NEXT	PLANS	OF	ATTACK
ON	 THE	 HOLOGRAM	 TABLE	 IN	 THE	 MIDDLE	 OF	 THE	 COUNCIL	 CHAMBERS.
“WHERE	IS	MASTER	LUCRATIS?”	MZ	ASKED.	THE	SITH	GRAND	MASTER	STARED
AT	 THE	 HOLOGRAM	 FOR	 A	 MINUTE	 AND	 SAID,	 “HE	 IS	 BABYSITTING	 DARTH
SIDIOUS.”	 THE	 DROID	 NODDED,	 “SO	 YOU	 TWO	 REALLY	 WENT	 INTO	 THE	 PAST
AND	 GRABBED	 THE	 DARK	 LORD?”	 HE	 ASKED.	 “YES,	 WE	 DID…AND	 NOW	 I’M
STARTING	 TO	 REGRET	 IT.”	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 WALKED	 AROUND	 THE	 TABLE,
FOUND	 A	 CHAIR	 AND	 SAT	 DOWN.	 HE	 PULLED	 A	 BLACK	 SATIN	 BAG	 FROM	 HIS
CLOAK	AND	STARTED	EATING.
“MY	 LORD,	 IS	 THAT	 THE	 SMELLY	 FRUIT	 THAT	 EVERYONE	 KEEPS	 COMPLAINING
ABOUT?	 MZ	 ASKED.	 THE	 SITH	 GRAND	 MASTER	 SMILED	 AND	 NODDED,	 “YEP
THIS	 IS	 IT.”	 HE	 SAID	 PICKING	 A	 PIECE	 OUT	 OF	 THE	 BAG	 AND	 TOSSING	 IT	 INTO
HIS	MOUTH.	“MMMMMM!”	HE	SAID	EXTENDING	THE	BAG	OUT	TO	THE	DROID,
“YOU	WANNA	TRY	SOME?”	HE	ASKED.	MZ-12	GRABBED	THE	BAG,	OPENED	THE
CHAMBER	 DOORS,	 AND	 THREW	 THE	 BAG	 OF	 FRUIT	 OUT	 AND	 IT	 LANDED	 ON
THE	FLOOR	OUTSIDE	THE	DOORS	AS	DARTH	TABAH	WALKED	BY	AND	STEPPED
ON	 THE	 BAG,	 SQUISH!	 “EWW!”	 TABAH	 SAID	 BENDING	 OVER	 AND	 PICKING	 UP
THE	BAG	OF	FRUIT.	“DID	SOMEONE	LOSE	THEIR	BAG	OF	BANTHA	POODOO?”	HE
ASKED.	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 SAID	 NOTHING	 AND	 SHUT	 THE	 DOORS,	 LOOKING
OVER	AT	MZ	HE	GAVE	THE	DROID	AN	EVIL	LOOK.
“THAT	WAS	MY	LAST	BAG	OF	FRUIT	YOU	BUCKET	OF	BOLTS!”	THE	DARK	LORD
SAID	 AS	 HE	 PULLED	 A	 PIECE	 OF	 FRUIT	 FROM	 HIS	 POCKET	 AND	 RAISED	 HIS
HAND	TO	HIS	MOUTH.	“OF	COURSE	MY	LORD,	SINCE	YOU	EAT	THAT	FRUIT,	YOU
DO	KNOW	HOW	IT	IS	PREPARED	AND	WHAT	IT	IS	ORIGINALLY	USED	FOR?”	MZ12	 SAID	 AS	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS’S	 HAND	 FROZE	 JUST	 BEFORE	 HE	 THREW	 THE
PIECE	INTO	HIS	MOUTH,	HE	SLOWLY	TURNED	HIS	HEAD	AND	LOOKED	AT	THE
DROID.
“I’M	 SURE	 YOU	 ALSO	 KNOW	 THAT	 THE	 FRUIT	 ISN’T	 FOR	 HUMAN
CONSUMPTION.”	THE	DARK	LORD	WAS	STILL	STARING	AT	THE	DROID	AND	THE
PIECE	OF	FRUIT	FELL	FROM	HIS	HAND	AND	ON	THE	FLOOR.	“WELL	NOW	I	HAVE
YOUR	COMPLETE	ATTENTION,	AS	YOU	KNOW	THE	FRUIT	IS	GROWN	ON	ZIOST,
IT	 IS	 SOAKED	 IN	 TARENTATEK	 URINE	 TO	 PRESERVE	 IT’S	 TRANSPORTATION	 TO

KORRIBAN,	 ILUM,	 AND	 OTHER	 PLANETS	 WHERE	 IT	 IS	 WASHED	 AND	 RESOAKED	 IN	 THE	 URINE	 FOR	 A	 STRONGER	 EFFECT.	 THE	 SINLEY	 CORPORATION
MIXES	 IT	 WITH	 OTHER	 ANIMAL	 URINES	 AND	 BLENDS	 IT	 INTO	 A	 LIQUID	 THAT
THEY	SPRAY	ON	THE	CELINGS	AND	WALLS	OF	CAVES	ON	ILUM,	FOR	EXAMPLE,
TO	 KEEP	 SPIDERS	 AND	 OTHER	 NASTY	 MONSTERS	 OCCUPIED	 WHILE	 THEY
COLLECT	THE	CRYSTALS	FOR	THE	JEDI	LIGHTSABERS.
THE	REJECTED	OR	ROTTEN	FRUIT	IS	RE-BOXED	AND	SHIPPED	BACK	HERE	FOR
YOUR	 CONSUMPTION!	 IF	 YOU	 WOULD	 LIKE	 I	 CAN	 CONTACT	 THE	 SINLEY
CORPORATION	AND	SEE	IF	THEY	NEED	A	URINE	EXTRACTOR	ON	TATOOINE	AT
THEIR	PROCESSING	PLANT.”	DARTH	BRUTICUS	LOOKED	AS	IF	HE	WAS	GOING	TO
VOMIT,	 MZ-12	 STOOD	 BEHIND	 THE	 DARK	 LORD	 AND	 ADDED,	 “THEY	 EXTRACT
URINE	 FROM	 BANTHAS	 AND	 FROM	 WHAT	 I	 HEAR	 IT’S	 A	 VERY	 SMELLY	 AND
NASTY	PROCESS!”	THE	SITH	GRAND	MASTER	ADJUSTED	HIMSELF	IN	HIS	CHAIR
AS	 MZ	 GOT	 UP	 AND	 POURED	 HIM	 A	 GLASS	 OF	 BLUE	 MILK	 AND	 PLACED	 A
TRASH	 CAN	 INTO	 HIS	 LAP.	 “I’LL	 LEAVE	 YOU	 TWO	 ALONE	 SIR.”	 HE	 GIGGLED,
PATTED	THE	SITH	LORD	ON	THE	BACK	AND	LEFT	THE	ROOM.
SEACO	 BUROC	 SAT	 ON	 A	 FALLEN	 PILLAR	 AND	 LOOKED	 AROUND	 AT	 THE
NEARLY	 DESTROYED	 TEMPLE.	 BODIES	 LITTERED	 THE	 FLOOR.	 DEPA	 GIVAL’S
SPIRIT	APPEARED	SITTING	NEXT	TO	THE	GRAND	MASTER.	“I	DON’T	KNOW	WHY
YOU’RE	 HERE,	 MY	 FRIEND.	 I	 HAVEN’T	 ANY	 JEDI,	 THEY	 ARE	 ALL	 DEAD.”	 SEACO
SAID	 PLACING	 HIS	 HEAD	 INTO	 HIS	 HANDS.	 DEPA	 ROSE	 FROM	 HIS	 SEAT	 AND
LOOKED	AROUND.
“SEACO	GET	UP,	THERE	IS	ONE	PERSON	ALIVE…AND	IF	YOU	DON’T	GET	TO	HER
IN	 TIME,	 SHE	 WILL	 DIE.”	 THE	 SPIRIT	 SAID.	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER	 GOT	 UP	 AND
FORCE	 JUMPED	 UP	 TO	 THE	 THIRD	 FLOOR.	 SIFTING	 THROUGH	 STONE,	 WOOD,
AND	STEEL,	THE	JEDI	FOUND	THE	YOUNG	WOMAN,	PICKED	HER	UP	AND	RAN
HER	 TO	 WHAT	 WAS	 LEFT	 OF	 THE	 INFIRMARY	 AND	 STARTED	 HEALING	 HER
ALMOST	LIFELESS	BODY.
USING	THE	FORCE,	SEACO	BUROC	QUICKLY	MENDED	HER	CRUSHED	RIBS,	AND
REPAIRED	 TWO	 MEDICAL	 DROIDS	 AND	 LEFT	 THEM	 TO	 FURTHER	 REPAIR	 HER.
DEPA	ENTERED	THE	ROOM.	“MY	FRIEND	THERE	IS	NO	TIME	TO	SPARE,	A	DARK
LORD	IS	ON	HIS	WAY	AND	YOU	MUST	STOP	HIM	OR	THE	JEDI	WILL	BE	EXTINCT.”
THE	GRAND	MASTER	NODDED	AND	LEFT	THE	ROOM	MAKING	HIS	WAY	TO	THE
GREAT	 HALL	 ON	 THE	 GROUND	 FLOOR	 AS	 DARTH	 MAZARILL	 ENTERED	 THE
TEMPLE	 HOLDING	 A	 RED	 LIGHTSABER	 IN	 HIS	 HAND.	 HE	 SPOTTED	 THE	 GRAND
MASTER	 JEDI	 WHO	 WAS	 STANDING	 THERE	 WAITING	 FOR	 HIM.	 HE	 TOOK	 OFF
HIS	CLOAK	AND	TURNED	HIS	LIGHTSABER	ON.	“YOU	WORTHLESS	JEDI,	AFTER	I
KILL	 YOU	 LORD	 BRUTICUS	 WILL	 RETURN	 AND	 TAKE	 OVER	 THIS	 TEMPLE	 FOR
THE	 SITH!”	 MAZARILL	 SAID.	 SEACO	 BUROC	 YAWNED	 AND	 TOOK	 A	 SEAT	 ON	 A
MARBLE	PILLAR	WAITING	FOR	HIS	ENEMY.	“CAN	YOU	HURRY	THIS	UP?	I	HAVE
THINGS	 TO	 DO	 YOUNGLING	 AND	 YOU’RE	 SLOWING	 ME	 DOWN.”	 THE	 GRAND
MASTER	SAID.

THE	HATE	SWELLED	IN	DARTH	MAZARILL	AND	HE	GROWLED	AS	HE	LEPT	OVER
THE	PILLAR	AND	SLAMMED	HIS	SABER	DOWN	ON	THE	FLOOR	AS	HE	LANDED
ON	THE	GROUND,	BUT	THE	JEDI	WASN’T	THERE.	HE	LOOKED	UP	AND	SAW	THE
JEDI	 STANDING	 TEN	 FEET	 AWAY.	 “IS	 THAT	 THE	 FASTEST	 YOU	 CAN	 MOVE?	 I’M
VERY	UNIMPRESSED	IN	DARTH	BRUTICUS’S	CHOICE	IN	YOUNGLINGS,	IT’S	VERY
POOR.”	 SEACO	 SAID	 TAUNTING	 THE	 SITH.	 SEACO	 LUNGED	 FORWARD	 AND
ENGAGED	THE	SITH.	BEHIND	HIM	THE	SITH	SLAVES	ENTERED	THE	TEMPLE	AND
WERE	SLOWLY	ADVANCING	ON	HIM	AS	DARTH	MAZARILL	LOWERED	HIS	SABER
AND	 SHOT	 FORCE	 LIGHTNING	 AT	 THE	 JEDI	 WHO	 CAUGHT	 THE	 ATTACK	 AND
TURNED	 AROUND	 SENDING	 THE	 LIGHTNING	 TOWARD	 THE	 SLAVES,	 SHOCKING
THEM	TO	DEATH	AND	THROWING	THEM	THROUGH	THE	WEST	SIDE	ENTRANCE
DOORS	AND	INTO	A	STATUE,	KNOCKING	IT	OVER	AND	ROLLING	IT	DOWN	THE
CONCRETE	STEPS,	DRAGGING	THE	LIFELESS	BODIES	DOWN	WITH	IT.	
THE	 JEDI	 TOOK	 A	 DEFENSIVE	 STANCE	 AS	 THE	 SITH	 JUMPED	 ONCE	 AGAIN.
SEACO	 USED	 THE	 FORCE	 AND	 BLOCKED	 THE	 SITH	 AND	 HIS	 ATTACK	 WITH	 A
FIFTY	FOOT	LONG	PILLAR	THAT	SENT	THE	SITH	MASTER	SKIDDING	ACROSS	THE
FLOOR.	 THE	 JEDI	 RAN	 TOWARD	 HIS	 ENEMY,	 RAISED	 HIS	 ARM	 TO	 STRIKE	 AS
DARTH	MAZARILL	SAT	UP	AND	FORCE	GRABBED	HIM	BY	THE	THROAT,	LIFTING
THE	JEDI	FOUR	FEET	OFF	THE	FLOOR.	THE	DARK	LORD	STOOD	UP	AND	TURNED
HIS	 SABER	 ON,	 “THIS	 IS	 THE	 END	 FOR	 YOU	 JEDI.”	 HE	 SAID	 THRUSTING	 THE
SABER	 INTO	 THE	 JEDI’S	 CHEST.	 “NICE,	 NICE	 JOB	 YOUNGLING.”	 THE	 GRAND
MASTER	 SAID	 WALKING	 AROUND	 A	 PILLAR	 AND	 SWUNG	 HIS	 SABER	 ACROSS
THE	SITH	MASTER’S	CHEST.	DARTH	MAZARILL	JUMPED	BACKWARD	AND	TOOK
OFF	HIS	SHIRT	TO	INSPECT	HIS	WOUND.	“YOUR	DEAD!”	HE	YELLED.
“NO,	I’M	ALIVE	AND	IN	PERFECT	CONDITION…THAT	WAS	A	HOLOGRAM.”	SEACO
LAUGHED,	 FORCE	 PULLING	 THE	 SITH	 TOWARD	 HIM	 AND	 ENGAGING	 HIM	 IN
BATTLE	ONCE	AGAIN.	THE	JEDI	SWUNG	DOWN	HARD	AS	THE	SITH	RAISED	HIS
SABER	OVER	HIS	HEAD	TO	BLOCK	AND	BROUGHT	HIS	SABER	DOWN	IN	FRONT
OF	 HIS	 CHEST	 TO	 BLOCK	 A	 QUICK	 THRUST	 ATTACK.	 THE	 JEDI	 MASTER	 WAS
EXTREMELY	FAST	AND	AGILE,	HE	BLOCKED	ALMOST	ALL	OF	DARTH	MAZARILL’S
ATTACKS,	 HE	 RECEIVED	 A	 BURN	 ACROSS	 HIS	 NECK	 BUT	 KEPT	 FIGHTING	 LIKE
NOTHING	HAD	HAPPENED,	THE	SITH	LORD	WAS	STARTING	TO	GET	TIRED.	THE
DUEL	 HAD	 GONE	 ON	 BETWEEN	 SEACO	 BUROC	 AND	 DARTH	 MAZARILL	 FOR	 A
FEW	 HOURS.	 THE	 TWO	 HAD	 COMPLETELY	 WORN	 THE	 OTHER	 OUT.	 DARTH
MAZARILL	 SAT	 ON	 THE	 FLOOR	 OF	 THE	 GREAT	 HALL	 RESTING,	 IN	 HIS	 MIND	 IF
HE	WON,	HE	WOULD	RID	THE	GALAXY	OF	JEDI	ONCE	AND	FOR	ALL	TIME	AND
THE	SITH	WOULD	RULE	THE	GALAXY.	SEACO	BUROC	SAT	ON	THE	STAIRS	THAT
LED	TO	THE	THIRD	FLOOR,	HE	HAD	NEVER	FOUGHT	FOR	SO	LONG,	OF	COURSE
HE	HAD	NEVER	FOUGHT	A	SITH	EITHER.	IF	HE	WON,	IT	WOULD	BE	ONE	LESS
SITH	AND	DARTH	BRUTICUS	WOULD	SENT	MORE.
“THAT	 SITH	 CARRIES	 WITH	 HIM	 A	 TIME	 TRAVEL	 DEVICE,	 I’LL	 NEED	 THAT	 TO
HUNT	 DOWN	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 AND	 HIS	 MINIONS.”	 HE	 WHISPERED	 TO

HIMSELF.	 HE	 STOOD	 UP	 AND	 LOOKED	 OVER	 AT	 THE	 SITH	 MASTER	 WHO	 WAS
ON	 HIS	 FEET	 LOOKING	 UP	 AT	 HIM.	 SEACO	 BUROC	 CLOSED	 HIS	 EYES	 AND
RELAXED	 FOR	 A	 MOMENT,	 HE	 REMEMBERED	 EVERYTHING	 HE	 LEARNED	 IN
LIGHTSABER	 COMBAT,	 HE	 WOULD	 USE	 IT	 AGAINST	 THE	 DARK	 LORD.	 THE	 JEDI
OPENED	HIS	EYES	AND	SAW	DARTH	MAZARILL	AT	THE	BASE	OF	THE	STAIRS.	HE
BACKFLIPPED,	TURNED	ON	HIS	SABER	AND	LANDED	ON	HIS	FEET	AS	THE	DARK
LORD	 FRONT	 FLIPPED	 OVER	 THE	 JEDI	 AND	 FORCE	 PUSHED	 HIM	 AND	 HE
DROPPED	HIS	LIGHTSABER.	
SEACO	 TURNED	 TO	 FORCE	 GRAB	 HIS	 WEAPON	 AS	 THE	 DARK	 LORD	 SWUNG
LOW	 AND	 CAUGHT	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER	 ACROSS	 THE	 BACK	 OF	 HIS	 LEGS,
KNOCKING	 HIM	 TO	 THE	 FLOOR	 ON	 HIS	 STOMACH.	 THE	 DARK	 LORD	 ROSE	 TO
HIS	 FEET	 AS	 THE	 JEDI	 ROLLED	 OVER	 ON	 HIS	 BACK.	 DARTH	 MAZARILL	 STOOD
OVER	 HIS	 SWORN	 ENEMY,	 RAISED	 HIS	 SABER.	 SEACO	 LOOKED	 IN	 THE	 SITH
LORD’S	EYES,	THEY	WERE	RED	AND	BLACK.	THE	RED	SABER	CAME	DOWN	OVER
SEACO’S	 HEAD	 AND	 FOR	 A	 SPLIT	 SECOND	 HE	 COULD	 SEE	 THE	 HATE	 IN	 HIS
EYES,	 THE	 POWER	 IN	 HIS	 ARMS	 …AND	 HIS	 MISTAKE.	 SEACO	 BUROC	 COULD
FEEL	THE	BURNING	OF	THE	SABER	AS	HE	SAW	IT	SLOWLY	COME	DOWN	INCHES
AWAY	 FROM	 PENETRATING	 HIS	 HEAD.	 HE	 USED	 THE	 FORCE	 AND	 TOOK	 THE
SABER	FROM	DARTH	MAZARILL,	THE	SITH	WAS	SO	FULL	OF	ANGER	AND	HATE
THAT	HE	WAS	UNABLE	TO	STOP	HIMSELF	FROM	FALLING	ON	HIS	OWN	BLADE.	
HE	 FELL	 OVER	 AND	 BEFORE	 HE	 DIED,	 THE	 DARK	 LORD	 WONDERED	 HOW	 THE
GRAND	MASTER	USED	THE	LIGHT	SIDE	TO	DEFEAT	THE	DARK	AND	DEFEAT	HIM.
A	MEDICAL	DROID	STOOD	NEARBY,	“SIR,	MASTER	GIVAL	SENT	A	CAPSULE	AND
MYSELF	 TO	 HELP	 YOU.”	 HE	 SAID.	 SEACO	 SAT	 UP	 AND	 SEARCHED	 THE	 SITH’S
POCKETS.	 HE	 FOUND	 A	 COMLINK,	 SOME	 REPUBLIC	 CREDITS,	 AND	 THE	 TIME
TRAVEL	 DEVICE.	 HE	 TOOK	 THE	 ITEMS	 AND	 PULLED	 HIMSELF	 INTO	 THE
CAPSULE.	“I	SEE	THAT	YOU	SURVIVED	MY	FRIEND,	YOU	ARE	MORE	WISE	THAT	I
AM.”	 DEPA	 GIVAL	 SAID	 AS	 HE	 HELPED	 THE	 DROIDS	 WRAP	 BACTA	 STRIPS
AROUND	HIS	LEGS.	“JUST	BARELY	GIVAL…JUST	BARELY.”	SEACO	SAID	AS	THEY
TOOK	HIM	TO	THE	INFIRMARY.
MZ-12	ENTERED	THE	COUNCIL	CHAMBERS	AND	WALKED	OVER	TO	THE	TABLE
WHERE	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 WAS	 SITTING	 WITH	 HIS	 FEET	 PROPPED	 UP.	 THE
DROID	SAT	DOWN	NEXT	TO	HIM.	“DARTH	MAZARILL….AND	THE	SLAVES…ARE
DEAD.”
HE	SAID	SIPPING	A	GLASS	OF	BLUE	MILK.	“GRAND	JEDI	MASTER	SEACO	BUROC
IS	MORE	POWERFUL	THAN	I	THOUGHT.”	MZ-12	LOOKED	OVER	AT	HIS	MASTER,
“WHAT	 ABOUT	 THE	 DEVICE?”	 HE	 ASKED.	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 DRANK	 HIS	 MILK
AND	 SAID,	 “SEACO	 HAS	 IT….	 AND	 WHEN	 HE	 COMES,	 NO	 ONE	 MESSES	 WITH
HIM	 BUT	 ME,	 UNDERSTOOD?”	 HE	 ASKED.	 “YES	 SIR.”	 MZ	 ANSWERED.	 LATER
THAT	 WEEK,	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 AND	 DARTH	 TABAH	 ENTERED	 THE
CHANCELLOR’S	LUXURY	APARTMENT.	DARTH	LUCRATIS	GREETED	THE	TWO	SITH

LORDS	WHO	THEN	SAT	DOWN	TO	DISCUSS	THE	ONGOING	WAR.	DARTH	TABAH
DIDN’T	LIKE	THEIR	IDEAS	AT	ALL	BUT	HE	SAT	AND	LISTENED	TO	THEM	TALK.	
DARTH	 SIDIOUS	 TALKED	 SO	 SMOOTH	 AND	 EVERYTHING	 SOUNDED	 SO
CONVINCING….BUT	 HE	 WAS	 HIDING	 SOMETHING.	 TABAH	 SAW	 THAT	 THE
ANCIENT	SITH	LORD	WAS	SPEAKING	UNDER	HIS	BREATH.	THE	TWO	SITH	LORDS
WENT	INTO	ANOTHER	ROOM	AND	LEFT	DARTH	BRUTICUS	AND	TABAH	ALONE.
“MASTER,	 HE	 IS	 HIDING	 SOMETHING,	 IF…”	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 CUT	 THE
YOUNGER	 MASTER	 OFF.	 “HE	 ISN’T	 HIDING	 ANYTHING.”	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER
SAID	 TURNING	 TO	 FACE	 THE	 MAN.	 “I	 WISH	 YOU’D	 KNOCK	 THIS	 CRAP	 OFF!”
DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 SAID	 AS	 THE	 TWO	 SITH	 LORDS	 RETURNED	 TO	 THE	 ROOM.
DARTH	 TABAH	 STOOD	 UP	 AS	 THE	 TWO	 MEN	 SAT	 DOWN,	 THEY	 HEARD
EVERYTHING.
“THIS	 STILL	 DOESN’T	 FEEL	 RIGHT,	 WE	 ALL	 KNOW	 WHO	 HE	 IS	 AND	 WHAT	 HE
DOES,	AND	WHAT	HE’S	DONE.	NOW	THAT	HE’S	HERE,	I’M	GOING	TO	ADDRESS
THIS	 TO	 HIM.	 IF	 YOU	 PULL	 ANYTHING….ANYTHING!	 I’LL	 FINISH	 WHAT	 MACE
WINDU	 FAILED	 TO	 DO.”	 THE	 DARK	 LORD	 SMASHED	 HIS	 CUP	 OF	 TEA	 ON	 THE
FLOOR	AND	LEFT	THE	APARTMENT,	GOT	IN	HIS	SHIP	AND	FLEW	AWAY.	“WHAT
WAS	 THAT	 ABOUT?”	 DARTH	 SIDIOUS	 ASKED	 SITTING	 DOWN	 AND	 SIPPING	 HIS
TEA.	DARTH	LUCRATIS	STOOD	UP,	WALKED	OVER	TO	THE	WINDOW	AND	SAID,
“HE	DOESN’T	LIKE	OR	TRUST	YOU	AT	ALL,	THAT	MUCH	IS	CLEAR.”
REPUBLIC	TROOPS	POURED	OUT	OF	THE	NABOO	TEMPLE,	THOUSANDS	OF	SITH
AND	 REPUBLIC	 SOLDIERS	 KILLING	 EACH	 OTHER.	 DARTH	 LAZUR	 AND	 DARTH
KAMENWATI	WERE	ON	THE	FRONT	LINE	WITH	LORD	SCIN	CUTTING	DOWN	JEDI.
“YEAH!	 DIE!”	 SCIN	 YELLED	 CUTTING	 THREE	 APPRENTICES	 IN	 HALF,	 BLOOD
COVERED	 THE	 SITH	 MASTER	 AND	 HE	 WAS	 ABOUT	 TO	 ATTACK	 WHEN	 DARTH
KAMENWATI	 GRABBED	 SCIN’S	 SHOULDER,	 “HOW	 COME	 YOU	 AREN’T	 USING
YOUR	 LIGHTSABERS?”	 HE	 ASKED.	 SCIN	 YELLED	 BACK,	 “BECAUSE	 I	 LOVE	 THE
BLOOD,	THE	GORE,	AND	THE	ADVENTURE	OF	USING	VIBROSWORDS!”	HE	SAID
DECAPITATING	ANOTHER	JEDI.
THE	CHANCELLOR	WAS	ALONE	IN	HIS	OFFICE	WITH	HIS	PERSONAL	ADVISORS.
HE	SAT	AT	HIS	DESK	AND	LOOKED	OUT	OF	THE	LARGE	WINDOW.	CORUSCANT
WAS	MUCH	LARGER	THAN	IN	HIS	TIME.	“TELL	ME	MORE	OF	THE	GALAXY.”	HE
SAID	AS	ONE	OF	HIS	ADVISORS	ENTERED	THE	ROOM	AND	SAT	DOWN	IN	FRONT
OF	HIM.	PALPATINE	LEANED	FORWARD	SLOWLY,	“I	DIDN’T	TELL	OR	ASK	YOU	TO
SIT,	YOU	WILL	STAND	AND	GIVE	ME	THE	INFORMATION	THAT	I	ASKED	FOR.”
THE	 MAN	 STOOD	 BEFORE	 THE	 CHANCELLOR	 AND	 PLACED	 A	 SMALL
HOLOPROJECTOR	 ON	 HIS	 DESK,	 TURNED	 AND	 LEFT	 THE	 ROOM.	 PALPATINE
WATCHED	 THE	 PROGRAM	 THAT	 GAVE	 HIM	 ANYTHING	 HE	 REQUESTED	 TO
KNOW.	 A	 FEW	 HOURS	 LATER	 THE	 ANCIENT	 SITH	 LORD	 FOUND	 OUT	 WHERE
EACH	JEDI	TEMPLE	WAS	LOCATED	ALONG	WITH	EVERY	SITH	TEMPLE,	CITIDEL	IN
THE	 GALAXY.	 HE	 HAD	 INFORMATION	 THAT	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 DID	 NOT	 HAVE,
OR	 SO	 HE	 THOUGHT.	 “I’LL	 HELP	 THE	 SITH	 DESTROY	 THE	 JEDI	 AND	 THEN	 I’LL

HELP	MYSELF.”
HE	 WHISPERED	 TO	 HIMSELF	 AS	 HE	 SUMMONED	 GENERAL	 TANASH	 TO	 HIS
OFFICE,	 THE	 GENERAL	 ARRIVED	 IMMEDIATLY	 AND	 REPORTED	 TO	 THE
CHANCELLOR.	 “YES	 CHANCELLOR?”	 HE	 SAID	 BOWING	 TO	 HIM	 AND	 TOOK	 A
SEAT.	PALPATINE	STOOD	UP	SLOWLY	AND	WALKED	AROUND	TO	THE	GENERAL
AND	 SAT	 DOWN	 NEXT	 TO	 HIM.	 “I’M	 SURE	 YOU’VE	 HEARD	 ABOUT	 THE
CLOSINGS	OF	THE	JEDI	TEMPLES.”	
HE	 SAID	 AS	 TANASH	 SLOWLY	 NODDED	 AND	 SAID,	 “YES	 SIR,	 I’VE	 HEARD.”
PALPATINE	 HAD	 A	 VERY	 WORRIED	 LOOK	 ON	 HIS	 FACE	 AND	 WAS	 VERY
HESITANTWHEN	 IT	 CAME	 TO	 SPEAKING	 TO	 THE	 GENERAL.	 “I’VE	 SUMMONED
YOU	 HERE	 BECAUSE	 I’VE	 LEARNED	 A	 TERRIBLE	 TRUTH….THE	 JEDI	 ARE
PLANNING	TO	TAKE	OVER.”
GENERAL	 TANASH’S	 EYES	 WIDENED	 AND	 HIS	 CHIN	 HIT	 THE	 FLOOR	 AS	 THE
CHANCELLOR	 SLOWLY	 NODDED.	 “YES	 GENERAL…I’M	 AFRAID	 IT’S	 TRUE,	 THEY
HAVE	 ALREADY	 KILLED	 EVERY	 JEDI	 ON	 TATOOINE	 AND	 DESTROYED	 THE
TEMPLE.”	 THE	 GENERAL	 JUMPED	 UP	 AND	 YELLED,	 “NO!	 THAT’S	 NOT	 TRUE!	 IT
CAN’T	BE!”	PALPATINE	STOOD	UP	AND	SPOKE	SOFTLY,	“I’M	AFRAID	THAT	IT	IS
TRUE	MY	FRIEND,
I	 HAVE	 PROOF	 OF	 IT	 IF	 YOU	 WOULD	 LIKE	 TO	 SEE.	 HE	 SAID	 TURNING	 ON	 A
HOLO	VID	SCREEN	AND	STARTED	SHOWING	HIM	THE	VIDEO	OF	THE	ATTACKS,
DEAD	 JEDI	 LITTERED	 THE	 FLOORS,	 LIGHTSABER	 BURNS	 ALL	 OVER	 THE	 WALLS
AND	FLOORS.	“AS	YOU	CAN	SEE	GENERAL,	THAT	IS	CLEARLY	THE	WORK	OF	THE
JEDI,	 NO	 ONE	 ELSE	 CARRIES	 LIGHTSABERS	 BUT	 THEM.”	 PALPATINE	 SAID	 TO
HIM.	“ENOUGH,	I’VE	SEEN	ENOUGH!”	HE	SAID,	“I’LL	INVESTIGATE	THIS	MATTER
PERSONALLY	 AND	 DISCOVER	 THE	 TRUTH	 TO	 THIS.”	 HE	 SAID	 LEAVING	 THE
CHANCELLOR’S	 OFFICE.	 PALPATINE	 SAT	 DOWN	 AND	 SIPPED	 HIS	 TEA,	 HE
TURNED	A	HOLOGRAM	ON	AND	SPOKE	TO	THE	SITH	LORD	THAT	APPEARED,	“I
HAVE	 A	 SURPRISE	 FOR	 YOU	 LORD	 BRUTICUS,	 WAR	 BETWEEN	 THE	 JEDI	 AND
THE	 REPUBLIC	 WILL	 BEGIN	 VERY	 SOON.	 THEY	 WILL	 BE	 OVERWHELMED	 AND
EASY	TO	DEFEAT	AS	SOON	AS	THEIR	ALLIES	TURN	AGAINST	THEM.”	
THE	CHANCELLOR	TURNED	THE	HOLOGRAM	OFF	AND	A	GROUP	OF	SENATORS
BARGED	 INTO	 HIS	 OFFICE	 SCREAMING	 QUESTIONS	 AT	 HIM.	 “PLEASE,	 PLEASE
MY	FRIENDS,	ONE	QUESTION	AT	A	TIME.”	HE	SAID	WHILE	TRYING	TO	CALM	THE
SENATORS	 DOWN.	 “NOW	 WHAT	 IS	 THE	 PROBLEM?”	 HE	 ASKED.	 A	 SENATOR’S
AIDE	FROM	NABOO	STEPPED	FORWARD,	“THE	JEDI	ACTUALLY	ATTACKED	THEIR
OWN?	IT	ISN’T	POSSIBLE,	THEY	ARE	INCAPABLE	OF	DOING	SUCH	A	THING!”	HE
SAID	AS	THE	OTHERS	TRIED	TO	INTERJECT	AT	THE	SAME	TIME.	“SENATORS!”	HE
YELLED,	 THE	 ROOM	 GOT	 QUIET	 AS	 THE	 CHANCELLOR	 ONCE	 AGAIN	 SHOWED
THE	VIDEO	FOOTAGE	TO	THE	SENATORS	THAT	HE	SHOWED	TO	THE	GENERAL.
EVERYONE	COULDN’T	BELIEVE	WHAT	THEY	SAW,	AFTER	DISCUSSING	WHAT	TO
DO	 WITH	 THE	 JEDI,	 THEY	 ALL	 CAME	 UP	 WITH	 A	 PLAN	 TO	 DEAL	 WITH	 THOSE
BETRAYING	 JEDI.	 THEY	 PRESENTED	 THEIR	 PLANS	 TO	 THE	 CHANCELLOR	 WHO

DISAGREED	 WITH	 EVERYTHING,	 “MY	 FRIENDS,	 THE	 JEDI	 WHO	 DID	 THIS
DISGUSTING	 ACT	 COULD	 BE	 ANYWHERE.	 NABOO,	 CORUSCANT,	 ILUM,	 AND	 IF
THEY	ARE	ON	THE	RUN,	THE	OTHER	JEDI	WOULD	STICK	UP	FOR	THEM.	NO,	THE
BEST	THING	IS	TO	DEFEAT	THEM	ALL	AND	BRING	THEM	TO	JUSTICE.”	HE	SAID.
THE	 SENATORS	 SPOKE	 AMONG	 THEMSELVES	 AND	 A	 FEW	 MOMENTS	 LATER
THEY	 AGREED	 WITH	 THE	 CHANCELLOR	 WHO	 SMILED	 A	 LITTLE	 AND	 SAID.	 “I
KNOW	THAT	YOU	HAVE	MADE	THE	RIGHT	DECISION	IN	THIS	MATTER,
ANOTHER	THING	THAT	WE	MUST	DO	IS	TO	NOT	TELL	THE	JEDI	OR	ANYONE	IN
ALLEGIANCE	 WITH	 THEM	 OR	 THEY	 WILL	 DO	 TO	 US	 AS	 THEY	 HAVE	 DONE	 TO
THE	 TEMPLE	 ON	 TATOOINE.”	 THE	 DELAGATION	 LEFT	 HIS	 OFFICE,	 THE
CHANCELLOR	WENT	HOME	AND	WENT	TO	SLEEP.
FIVE	 AND	 A	 HALF	 LEGIONS	 OF	 SITH	 TROOPS	 LIE	 DEAD	 ALL	 OVER	 NABOO,
DARTH	 KAMENWATI	 ALONG	 WITH	 LORD	 SCIN	 AND	 DARTH	 LAZUR	 WERE
SURROUNDED	BY	THE	REPUBLIC	ARMY.	DARTH	TABAH	HAD	JUST	ARRIVED	TO
HELP	HIS	SITH	BROTHERS.	HE	JUMPED	OUT	OF	HIS	SHIP	WHILE	IT	WAS	STILL	IN
THE	AIR	AND	LANDED	ON	HIS	FEET	IN	THE	MIDDLE	OF	THE	CIRCLE	WITH	TWO
SABERS	IN	HAND,
WHEN	THE	REPUBLIC	SOLDIERS	TURNED	AND	RAN	TOWARD	THE	TEMPLE.	“SEE
THAT?!	 I	 RAN	 THEM	 OFF!”	 DARTH	 TABAH	 SAID	 TURNING	 HIS	 WEAPONS	 OFF.
“NAH,	THAT	WASN’T	IT,	THEY	RAN	FROM	YOUR	STENCH!”	DARTH	KAMENWATI
SAID	 LAUGHING.	 “LET’S	 SEE	 WHAT’S	 UP!”	 LORD	 SCIN	 SAID	 AS	 THE	 FOUR
MASTERS	 AND	 SITH	 TROOPS	 FOLLOWED	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 ARMIES	 BACK	 TO	 THE
TEMPLE.	 DARTH	 LAZUR	 CAUGHT	 UP	 TO	 A	 TROOPER,	 “WHAT’S	 GOING	 ON
SOLDIER?”	 HE	 ASKED.	 THE	 TROOPER	 PUT	 HIS	 COMLINK	 AWAY	 AND	 LOWERED
HIS	 GUN,	 “WE	 WERE	 ORDERED	 BY	 THE	 CHANCELLOR	 TO	 STOP	 OUR	 ATTACK
AGAINST	YOU	AND	KILL	THE	JEDI.”	HE	SAID	AS	LAZUR	LET	GO	OF	THE	SOLDIER
AND	WATCHED	THE	REPUBLIC	ATTACK	THE	JEDI.	“LET’S	GO	AND	HELP!”
DARTH	LAZUR	SCREAMED	AND	FOLLOWED	THE	TROOPER	TO	THE	TEMPLE.	THE
THREE	 SITH	 MASTERS	 LOOKED	 AT	 EACH	 OTHER	 AND	 ALL	 SAID	 AT	 THE	 SAME
TIME,	 “ORDER	 SIXTY	 SIX?”	 DARTH	 TABAH	 ORDERED	 WHAT	 REMAINING	 SITH
SOLDIERS	THAT	WERE	LEFT	TO	LEAVE	BEFORE	THE	REPUBLIC	RETURNED.	THE
SITH	 MASTERS	 TRIED	 TO	 CONTACT	 DARTH	 LAZUR	 SEVERAL	 TIMES	 WHO
IGNORED	 THEM	 SO	 THEY	 LEFT	 HIM	 BEHIND	 AND	 HEADED	 FOR	 WENATHM.
“WHY	 ARE	 WE	 GOING	 TO	 THAT	 FROZEN	 WASTELAND?”	 DARTH	 KAMENWATI
ASKED.
A	 HOLOGRAM	 APPEARED	 AND	 SPOKE,	 “BECAUSE	 DARTH	 SIDIOUS	 IS
CHANCELLOR,	 I	 THOUGHT	 IT	 WOULD	 BE	 A	 GREAT	 IDEA	 IF	 WE	 ABANDON	 THE
TEMPLE	 ON	 KORRIBAN	 JUST	 IN	 CASE	 HE	 DECIDES	 TO	 ATTACK	 IT.”	 DARTH
BRUTICUS	 SAID.	 “SO	 NOW	 WE’RE	 ON	 THE	 RUN?”	 DARTH	 TABAH	 ASKED
SHAKING	HIS	HEAD.	“I	KNEW	SOMETHING	LIKE	THIS	WOULD	HAPPEN.	SO	FAR,
TWO	 THINGS	 THAT	 I	 HAVE	 PREDICTED	 HAS	 BECOME	 A	 REALITY.	 HOW	 MUCH
MORE	HAS	TO	HAPPEN	BEFORE	YOU	WAKE	UP?	WHY	THE	HELL	DID	YOU	HAVE

TO	BRING	HIM	HERE?	DID	YOU	EVER	THINK	TO	ASK	ANY	OF	US	IF	WE	COULD
DO	THE	JOB?”	TABAH	SAID	WALKING	AWAY	FROM	THE	HOLOGRAM.
“HE’S	 RIGHT.”	 LORD	 SCIN	 SAID,	 “YOU	 NEED	 TO	 OPEN	 YOUR	 EYES	 AND	 STOP
EATING	THAT	DAMN	FRUIT,	THAT	STINK	IS	GOING	TO	YOUR	HEAD.”	HE	ADDED
AS	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 TURNED	 OFF	 THE	 HOLOGRAM	 AND	 WALKED	 BY	 DARTH
NORAA,	DARTH	LILITH	AND	MZ-12	WHO	WERE	ALREADY	ON	THE	ICY	PLANET
OF	WENATHM	PREPARING	THE	ARRIVAL	OF	THE	OTHER	MASTERS.
DARTH	 LAZUR	 RAN	 INSIDE	 THE	 JEDI	 TEMPLE	 AND	 WATCHED	 THOUSANDS	 OF
TROOPS	 ATTACKING	 THE	 JEDI,	 THEY	 TRIED	 TO	 FIGHT	 THEM	 OFF	 BUT	 THERE
WAS	TOO	MANY,	THE	ODDS	WERE	AGAINST	THEM	THREE	THOUSAND	TO	ONE.
HE	 COULDN’T	 BELIEVE	 HIS	 EYES,	 HE	 WAS	 OVERWHELMED	 TO	 SEE	 WHAT	 WAS
GOING	ON	SO	HE	DECIDED	TO	JOIN	IN	ON	THE	FUN	AND	KILL	SOME	JEDI.	HE
ENTERED	 THE	 LIBRARY	 AND	 SPOTTED	 AN	 OLDER	 MAN	 EVACUATING
YOUNGLINGS	 AND	 APPRENTICES	 THROUGH	 A	 VENTILATION	 SHAFT.	 EVERY
SOLDIER	 THAT	 GOT	 NEAR	 HIM	 WAS	 CUT	 DOWN,	 THE	 JEDI	 SPOTTED	 HIM,
TURNED	HIS	SABER	ON	AND	WALKED	TOWARD	HIS	ENEMY,	THE	SITH	DID	THE
SAME.	 THE	 TWO	 SAID	 NOTHING	 TO	 EACH	 OTHER	 AS	 THEY	 FOUGHT,	 BLOCKS,
PARRIES,	 THRUSTS,	 AND	 ALL	 KINDS	 OF	 THEATRICS.	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 TROOPS
HAD	 NEVER	 SEEN	 ANYTHING	 LIKE	 IT	 BEFORE,	 THEY	 STOOD	 LIKE	 STATUES	 AT
THE	 ENTRANCES	 AND	 DID	 NOTHING	 BUT	 WATCH	 THE	 RED	 AND	 GREEN
LIGHTSABERS	DANCE	IN	THE	DARKNESS,	AS	SOON	AS	THE	PURGE	STARTED,	IT
WAS	 NEARLY	 OVER.	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 HAD	 EVERY	 ENTRANCE	 COVERED	 ON	 THE
GROUND	FLOOR	AND	WAS	QUICKLY	ADVANCING	ON	THE	REST	OF	THE	TEMPLE.
A	 TRANSPORTER	 WAS	 HIDDEN	 IN	 THE	 FOREST	 LOADING	 WOUNDED	 JEDI,
MOSTLY	CHILDREN	TO	ESCAPE	THE	PURGE.	“WHERE’S	MASTER	SMITH?”
A	 YOUNGLING	 ASKED.	 “HE’S	 STILL	 INSIDE!”	 ANOTHER	 YELLED	 AS	 THEY
GRABBED	 THE	 LAST	 OF	 THE	 CHILDREN	 AND	 PREPARED	 TO	 LIFTOFF.	 “WE
CANNOT	 WAIT	 FOR	 HIM,	 WE	 MUST	 GO	 NOW!”	 A	 MASTER	 YELLED.	 MASTER
ROST	 THOUGHT	 FOR	 A	 MOMENT,	 THEN	 NODDED	 AND	 STEPPED	 AWAY	 FROM
THE	 DOOR	 AS	 IT	 CLOSED.	 MASTER	 SMITH	 WAS	 STILL	 INSIDE	 FIGHTING	 WITH
DARTH	LAZUR	WHICH	WAS	GOING	NOWHERE,	
THE	 JEDI	 LUNGED	 FORWARD	 AND	 SLASHED	 THE	 SITH	 ON	 THE	 SIDE	 OF	 HIS
FACE,	FORCE	PUSHED	THE	REPUBLIC	TROOPS	THROUGH	THE	ENTRANCES	AND
OVER	THE	RAIL	TO	THE	GREAT	HALL,	THREE	FLOORS	BELOW	AND	FORCE	RAN
TO	 THE	 VENTILATION	 SHAFT	 AS	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 TROOPS	 FIRED	 ON	 THE	 JEDI.
MASTER	SMITH	BARELY	GOT	OUT	OF	THAT	PORTION	OF	THE	BUILDING	BEFORE
IT	 CRUMBLED	 AND	 CRUSHED	 THE	 JEDI	 TO	 DEATH.	 HE	 FORCE	 RAN	 TO	 THE
TRANSPORTER	WHICH	LANDED	TO	PICK	UP	THE	JEDI.
DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 FLEW	 TOWARD	 THE	 JEDI	 TEMPLE	 AND	 PICKED	 UP	 THE
WOUNDED	DARTH	LAZUR	WHO	HAD	A	HUGE	LIGHTSABER	BURN	ON	THE	SIDE
OF	HIS	FACE.	ONCE	THE	SITH	WAS	INSIDE,	THE	MASTER	LIFTED	THE	SHIP	FROM
THE	TOP	OF	THE	TEMPLE.

HE	 SENSED	 A	 LARGE	 JEDI	 PRESENCE	 NEARBY.	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 GAVE	 DARTH
LAZUR	A	BACTA	PATCH	FOR	HIS	FACE,	FLYING	AWAY	HE	SPOTTED	THE	LARGE
TRANSPORTER	AND	FIRED	FOUR	PROTON	TORPEDOES	HITTING	THE	SHIP	AND
BLASTING	THE	JEDI	FIVE	HUNDRED	FEET	BACKWARDS	AND	KILLING	ALL	OF	THE
REPUBLIC	TROOPS	THAT	WERE	FOLLOWING	HIM.
“WOO	 HOO!”	 THE	 SITH	 MASTER	 YELLED	 LEAVING	 THE	 PLANET	 AND	 GOING
INTO	 HYPERSPACE.	 MASTER	 SMITH	 SLOWLY	 ROLLED	 OVER	 ON	 HIS	 STOMACH.
BODIES	 LIE	 AROUND	 HIM	 AS	 HE	 GOT	 UP	 TO	 HIS	 FEET,	 HIS	 VISION	 WAS
BLURRED	AND	SLOWLY	WENT	AWAY	AS	HE	LOOKED	AROUND.	“WHAT	WOULD
LEAD	 TO	 ALL	 OF	 THIS?”	 HE	 ASKED	 HIMSELF	 AS	 HE	 WALKED	 TOWARD	 THE
TEMPLE	 TO	 HELP	 ANY	 OTHERS	 LEFT	 ALIVE.	 HE	 ENTERED	 THE	 BATTERED	 AND
HALF	 DESTROYED	 BUILDING	 LOOKING	 FOR	 ANYONE	 ALIVE,	 HE	 SAW	 NO	 ONE
BUT	 TROOPS	 WHO	 TURNED	 AND	 SAW	 HIM,	 OPENING	 FIRE	 ON	 THE	 JEDI
MASTER	HE	USED	HIS	LIGHTSABER	AND	DEFLECTED	EVERY	SHOT	BACK	AT	THE
ENEMY,	THEN	HE	BROKE	THE	COMPLETE	LINE	OF	TROOPS	THAT	RAN	TO	STOP
HIM,	 “COME	 ON	 GET	 THIS	 WORTHLESS	 JEDI!”	 ONE	 TROOPER	 YELLED	 AS	 HE
WATCHED	HIS	FELLOW	SOLDIERS	GET	CUT	DOWN	LEFT	AND	RIGHT.
“SARGENT,	 THIS	 IS	 NO	 WORTHLESS	 JEDI	 WE	 ARE	 DEALING	 WITH	 HERE,	 THIS
GUY	 IS	 UNTOUCHABLE!”	 THE	 COMMANDER	 YELLED.	 MASTER	 SMITH	 STOOD	 IN
FRONT	 AS	 THOUSANDS	 OF	 TROOPS	 BECAME	 HUNDREDS	 THAT	 BECAME	 LESS
AND	 LESS.	 HE	 DEFLECTED	 HUNDREDS	 OF	 THOUSANDS	 OF	 BLASTER	 BOLTS,
THERMAL	DETONATORS,	AND	COUNTLESS	OF	MISSILES	HAD	BEEN	DEFLECTED.
”	LET’S	GO!	GO!	GO!”	THE	COMMANDER	SCREAMED,	NO	ONE	MOVED,	HE	WAS
ALL	 ALONE,	 EXCEPT	 FOR	 THE	 JEDI.	 THE	 TROOP	 LEADER	 STOOD	 UP	 AND
LOOKED	 AROUND,	 ALL	 WERE	 KILLED,	 HE	 TURNED	 AROUND	 AND	 THERE
STANDING	 IN	 FRONT	 OF	 HIM	 WAS	 MASTER	 SMITH.	 HE	 GRABBED	 THE
COMMANDER	BY	HIS	HAIR	AND	PICKED	HIM	UP	OFF	OF	THE	FLOOR.	“AHHHHH!”
THE	SOLDIER	SCREAMED.	“WHAT’S	GOING	ON	COMMANDER?”	THE	JEDI	ASKED.
HE	 DIDN’T	 ANSWER,	 HE	 WAS	 TRAINED	 NOT	 TO.	 THE	 JEDI	 DROPPED	 HIM	 ON
THE	 FLOOR	 AND	 PUT	 HIS	 FOOT	 ON	 HIS	 NECK.	 “COMMANDER,	 IF	 YOU	 DON’T
ANSWER	ME,	I	WILL	DO	THINGS	TO	YOU	THAT	YOU	CAN’T	EVEN	IMAGINE.”	THE
COMMANDER	TURNED	HIS	HEAD	AND	STILL	SAID	NOTHING.	“SO	BE	IT.”	MASTER
SMITH	SAID	LIFTING	HIS	FOOT	FROM	THE	MAN’S	THROAT	AND	FORCE	THREW
THE	 COMMANDER	 AGAINST	 THE	 WALL.	 “YOU’RE	 TROOPS	 HAVE	 KILLED	 EVERY
JEDI	IN	THIS	TEMPLE,	EVERYONE	OF	MY	FAMILY	IS	DEAD!	NOW	I	WONDER	WHY
YOU	 WOULD	 DO	 SOMETHING	 LIKE	 THAT?”	 HE	 SCREAMED	 AS	 HE	 SHOT	 FORCE
LIGHTNING	 AT	 THE	 SOLDIER	 AND	 STARTED	 FRYING	 THE	 MAN.	 “AHHHHHHH!”
THE	 COMMANDER	 YELLED	 AS	 HIS	 BODY	 FELL	 TO	 THE	 FLOOR.	 AS	 MASTER
SMITH	 WAS	 TORTURING	 THE	 MAN,	 A	 HOODED	 FIGURE	 ENTERED	 THE	 TEMPLE
AND	SAW	THE	JEDI	ATTACKING	THE	COMMANDER,	HE	RAN	OVER	TO	THE	JEDI
WHO	TOOK	HIS	SABER	ON,	RAISED	HIS	ARM	TO	STRIKE	THE	SOLDIER	AND	HIS

LIGHTSABER	FLEW	OUT	OF	HIS	HAND	AND	THE	FIGURE	CAUGHT	THE	ANCIENT
WEAPON.	 “IF	 YOU	 KILL	 HIM…YOU	 WILL	 BECOME	 AN	 AGENT	 OF	 EVIL.”	 THE
FIGURE	SAID	TAKING	HIS	HOOD	DOWN	AND	GIVING	BACK	MASTER	SMITH	HIS
SABER.
“WHO	 ARE	 YOU?”	 HE	 ASKED.	 THE	 FIGURE	 STEPPED	 CLOSER	 AND	 SAID,	 “I’M
GRAND	 MASTER	 SEACO	 BUROC….FROM	 THE	 PAST.”	 THE	 JEDI	 CLIPPED	 HIS
LIGHTSABER	 ON	 HIS	 BELT	 AND	 SHOOK	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER’S	 HAND	 AND
INTRODUCED	 HIMSELF.	 “GOOD	 TO	 MEET	 YOU,	 I’M	 JOHN	 SMITH,	 MASTER	 JEDI
OF	THE	PRESENT	AND	JEDI	COUNCIL,	I	WAS	IN	THE	MIDDLE	OF	A	CONFESSION
WITH	 SOMEONE	 WHO	 WOULD	 NOT	 CONFESS.”	 SMITH	 SAID	 AS	 HE	 WALKED
OVER	TO	THE	COMMANDER	BODY	AND	INSPECTED	IT.	“DEAD.”	HE	SAID.	“LET’S
GO	BEFORE	MORE	TROOPS	SHOW	UP.”	SEACO	SAID.	
“TOO	LATE!	LET’S	GO!”	MASTER	SMITH	YELLED	AS	THE	TWO	JEDI	FORCE	RAN
UP	 THE	 STAIRS,	 JUMPING	 AND	 LEAPING	 OVER	 FALLEN	 PILLARS	 AND	 DEBRIS.
THEY	MADE	IT	TO	THE	LIFTS	AND	TOOK	ONE	UP	TO	THE	COUNCIL	CHAMBERS.
THE	REPUBLIC	WAS	ON	THEIR	TRAIL	AND	CLOSING	IN	FAST,	THE	JEDI	CAME	TO
THE	 COUNCIL	 DOORS,	 OPENED	 THEM	 AND	 ALMOST	 FELL	 TO	 THEIR	 DEATHS.
THEY	LOOKED	AROUND	AND	SAW	NOTHING	BUT	OPEN	AIR!	
IT	HAD	BEEN	COMPLETELY	BLOWN	AWAY	THE	JEDI	STEPPED	BACK,	SHUT	THE
DOORS,	AND	RAN	TOWARD	THE	LIFTS	AS	A	BARAGE	OF	MISSILES	BLASTED	THE
CHAMBER	 DOORS	 BEHIND	 THEM	 AND	 KNOCKED	 SEACO	 TO	 THE	 GROUND,
MASTER	 SMITH	 TURNED	 TO	 HELP	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER	 UP	 AND	 REPUBLIC
TROOPS	CAME	OUT	OF	THE	LIFTS	AND	STARTED	SHOOTING.	WHILE	TRYING	TO
HELP	 THE	 JEDI	 AND	 DEFLECTING	 THE	 SHOTS	 FIRED	 FROM	 THE	 TROOPERS,	 HE
GOT	HIT	AND	FELL	THROUGH	THE	CHAMBER	DOORS	TO	THE	GROUND	BELOW
AS	 LARGE	 PIECES	 OF	 STONE	 FELL	 ON	 TOP	 OF	 HIM	 BURYING	 MASTER	 SMITH.
THE	 GRAND	 MASTER	 ROASE	 AND	 USING	 THE	 FORCE	 HE	 PUSHED	 THE
TROOPERS	BACK	INTO	THE	LIFT	AND	SENT	THE	LIFT	CRASHING	THROUGH	THE
BUILDING	 AND	 CRUSHING	 THE	 TROOPS	 STANDING	 BELOW.	 THE	 GRAND
MASTER	 LEAPT	 OUT	 OF	 THE	 COUNCIL	 DOORS	 DOWN	 TO	 UNCOVER	 MASTER
SMITH	BELOW
LANDING	 INSIDE	 A	 CAVE	 AND	 SLOWLY	 DECENDING	 SEVEN	 HUNDRED	 FIFTY
FEET,	THE	THREE	SITH	MASTERS	EXITED	THE	SHIP.	“WHOSE	IDEA	WAS	THIS	TO
COME	 HERE	 ANYWAY?”	 DARTH	 TABAH	 ASKED.	 SHADOWY	 FIGURES	 APPEARED
IN	THE	DISTANCE	AND	AS	THEY	GOT	CLOSER,	DARTH	BRUTICUS	REMOVED	HIS
HOOD	AND	GREETED	THE	NEWLY	ARRIVED	SITH	LORDS.	“SO	WHO	DUG	THIS?”
DARTH	 KAMENWATI	 ASKED	 LOOKING	 AROUND.	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 MOTIONED
THE	OTHERS	AND	WALKED	BACK	TO	THE	INTERIOR	OF	THE	CAVE.	“THIS	PLACE
WAS	 CREATED	 BY	 THE	 RED	 ROCK	 SPIDERS	 WHO	 DUG	 FOR	 PRECIOUS	 METALS
AND	JEWELS,	NOT	MUCH	ELSE	IS	KNOWN	ABOUT	THEM,	OTHER	THAN	WHAT	I
LEARNED	 FROM	 MY	 MASTER.	 EVENTUALLY	 THEY	 WERE	 KILLED	 OFF	 BY	 THE
EARLY	MANDALORIANS	WHO	WERE	SEEKING	THEIR	SKINS	FOR	ARMOR,	WHICH

WASN’T	 AN	 EASY	 TASK	 AT	 ALL.”	 THE	 DARK	 MASTER	 SAID.	 “HOW	 BIG	 WERE
THEY?”	 DARTH	 NORAA	 ASKED.	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 THOUGHT	 FOR	 A	 MOMENT
AND	 THEN	 ANSWERED.	 “THE	 LAST	 ONES	 THAT	 I	 SAW	 WERE	 THIRTY	 TO	 FIFTY
FEET	 TALL,	 AND	 FIFTY	 TO	 NINTY	 FEET	 IN	 DIAMETER.”	 EVERYONE	 LOOKED	 AT
THE	 DARK	 LORD	 WITH	 EYES	 WIDENED	 AS	 THE	 SUPREME	 MASTER	 TOLD	 THE
STORY.	 “THE	 LAST	 ONES	 THAT	 YOU	 SAW?”	 DARTH	 LILITH	 ASKED.	 “YES	 THE
LAST	 ONES	 THAT	 I	 SAW	 WERE	 CAUGHT	 BY	 MY	 MASTER	 AND	 I	 HAD	 TO	 KILL
THEM….WITHOUT	WEAPONS,	OR	THE	FORCE.”	THE	DARK	MASTER	SAID	AS	HE
WALKED	 ON,	 THE	 OTHER	 SITH	 FROZE	 IN	 THEIR	 TRACKS	 AND	 DIDN’T	 MOVE.
“GEEZ,	NOW	THAT	IS	BAD,	BUT	I	COULD	HAVE	DONE	IT.”	LORD	SCIN	SAID	AS	HE
ATE	A	PIECE	OF	CANDY.	“NO	ONE	BUT	YOU	DARTH.”	DARTH	TABAH	SAID	AS	HE
TOOK	 THE	 CANDY	 FROM	 THE	 SITH	 MASTER	 AND	 STARTED	 LAUGHING.	 LORD
SCIN	GRABBED	TABAH	BY	HIS	COLLAR	AND	SAID,”	NO	ONE	CALLS	ME	DARTH,
DON’T	 EVER	 ADDRESS	 ME	 BY	 THAT	 IDIOTIC,	 STUPID,	 JEDI	 CREATED	 WORD!”
LORD	 SCIN	 YELLED	 INTO	 DARTH	 TABAH’S	 FACE.	 DARTH	 TABAH	 FORCE	 THREW
LORD	 SCIN	 ACROSS	 THE	 ENTRANCE	 OF	 THE	 SITH	 TEMPLE.	 “OK	 DARTH,	 I’LL
MAKE	SURE	THAT	I	DON’T	CALL	YOU	THAT	OK?“HE	SAID	AND	WALKED	AWAY.
LORD	 SCIN	 GOT	 UP	 AS	 THE	 OTHERS	 WENT	 INSIDE.	 “SO	 THIS	 IS	 OUR	 NEW
BASE?”	DARTH	TABAH	ASKED	AS	DARTH	BRUTICUS	PUT	HIS	ARM	AROUND	THE
YOUNG	MASTER’S	SHOULDER,	“THIS	PLACE	IS	HEATED,	BIGGER,	FULLY	ARMED,
DEFENDED	AND	OCCUPIED	BY	MORE	MASTERS	AND	APPRENTICES	THEN	WE’VE
EVER	 HAD,	 AND	 LORD	 SIDIOUS	 HAS	 NO	 INFO	 ON	 THIS	 PLANET,	 HE	 DOESN’T
EVEN	KNOW	THAT	IT	EXISTS,	ALONG	WITH	ABOUT	TWO	MILLION	PLANETS	AS
WELL.”	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 SAID	 WALKING	 AWAY.	 LORD	 SCIN	 CAUGHT	 UP	 TO
DARTH	 TABAH	 AND	 THE	 OTHERS	 AS	 THEY	 SAW	 FIRSTHAND	 THE	 NEW
STUDENTS	 OF	 THE	 SITH	 STANDING	 IN	 THE	 GREAT	 HALL.	 SITH	 STATUES	 WERE
STANDING	 TEN	 FEET	 TALL	 AND	 SPREAD	 TEN	 FEET	 APART,	 EACH	 HOLDING	 A
SABERLIGHT	 THAT	 DIMLY	 LIT	 THE	 GREAT	 SITH	 HALL.	 IN	 THE	 CENTER	 THERE
WAS	 A	 STATUE	 ONE	 HUNDRED	 FEET	 TALL	 THAT	 MADE	 UP	 TEN	 ANCIENT	 SITH
LORDS	 OF	 THE	 PAST:	 DARTH	 BANE,	 EXAR	 KUN,	 MARKA	 RAGNOS,	 DARTH
VADER,	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS,	 DARTH	 TABAH,	 DARTH	 MAUL,	 LORD	 SCIN,	 DARTH
BRUTICUS,	 AND	 DARTH	 KAMENWATI.	 LORD	 SCIN	 WAS	 ON	 THE	 TOP	 HOLDING
HIS	 SABER	 UP	 TOWARD	 THE	 SKY,	 AND	 THE	 OTHERS	 STOOD	 STILL	 ON	 THE
PEDISTAL.	“WOW!	WHO	DID	THIS?”	LORD	SCIN	ASKED	AS	HE	WALKED	AROUND
THE	 GREAT	 STATUE	 INSPECTING	 EVERY	 DETAIL	 FROM	 THE	 TOP	 TO	 THE
BOTTOM,	EVEN	THE	BASE	WHICH	WAS	CARVED	BY	HAND	AND	HAD	A	GOLDEN
PLATE	 THAT	 LISTED	 EVERY	 SITH	 LORD	 BY	 NAME.	 DARTH	 TABAH	 LOOKED	 AT
THE	ENORMOUS	STATUE	AND	SHOOK	HIS	HEAD.
“THAT’S	 A	 WASTE	 OF	 TIME	 AND	 IT	 LOOKS	 TERRIBLE	 TOO.”	 HE	 SAID,	 AS	 LORD
SCIN	 AND	 DARTH	 NORAA	 STOOD	 BEHIND	 THE	 SITH	 LORD	 WATCHING	 DARTH
BRUTICUS	 WALK	 AWAY.	 “BETWEEN	 US…I	 THINK	 WE	 NEED	 TO	 SEND	 LORD
SIDIOUS	BACK	TO	HIS	OWN	TIME.”	DARTH	TABAH	SAID	AS	LORD	SCIN	RUBBED

HIS	CHIN	AND	SAID,	“NOW	THAT	IS	SOMETHING	TO	PLAN	FOR	AND	I	CAN	DO
IT,	HE’S	NEVER	SEEN	ME	BEFORE.”
THE	TWO	SITH	GAVE	EACH	OTHER	EVIL	SMILES	AS	DARTH	NORAA	STEPPED	IN
FRONT	OF	THE	TWO	SITH	AND	SAID,	“IF	YOU	TWO	ARE	PLANNING	SOMETHING
AGAINST	 PALPATINE,	 I	 WANT	 IN	 ON	 IT!	 I	 HAVE	 ALOT	 OF	 INFORMATION…AND
I’M	TIRED	OF	DOING	THIS	AND	THAT	AND…”	HE	WAS	CUT	OFF	BY	LORD	SCIN
WHO	 COVERED	 HIS	 MOUTH	 WHILE	 HE	 WAS	 SPEAKING.	 “OK,	 YOU’RE	 IN,	 NOW
WHAT	 KIND	 OF	 EXPERIENCE	 DO	 YOU	 HAVE?”	 LORD	 SCIN	 ASKED	 TAKING	 HIS
HAND	 AWAY	 FROM	 NORAA’S	 MOUTH.	 “I	 PERSONALLY	 RECRUITED	 AND
TRAINED	 EVERY	 FALLEN	 JEDI	 IN	 THE	 FORMER	 KORRIBAN	 TEMPLE.”	 THE	 DARK
LORD	 SAID.	 “IS	 THAT	 WHY	 THEY	 ALL	 DIED	 FROM	 THE	 SITH	 HOUNDS?”	 LORD
SCIN	SAID	AS	HE	AND	DARTH	TABAH	STARTED	LAUGHING.
“SENATOR	 STER,	 THIS	 IS	 SENATOR	 WAKE	 OF	 KAAS	 ACRYL	 III,	 I	 WANTED	 TO
SHOW	YOU	THE	ORIGINAL,	UNEDITED	CLIP	OF	THE	VIDEO	THAT	WAS	SHOWN
TO	THE	cHANCELLOR	WHO	IS	ALSO	KNOWN	AS	DARTH	SIDIOUS,	AN	ANCIENT
LORD	 OF	 THE	 SITH.”	 THE	 VIDEO	 WAS	 SHOWN	 TO	 THE	 ENTIRE	 SENATE.
GENERAL	TANASH	COVERED	HIS	EYES	AS	TEARS	RAN	DOWN	HIS	FACE,	“WHAT
HAVE	I	DONE?”	HE	SAID,	“WHAT	HAVE	I	DONE?”	HE	SAID	OVER	AND	OVER.	THE
GENERAL	 GOT	 UP	 FROM	 HIS	 SEAT	 AND	 LEFT	 THE	 SENATE	 BUILDING.	 “I	 DON’T
CARE	 WHAT	 THE	 CHANCELLOR’S	 ORDERS	 ARE!	 I	 WANT	 EVERY	 AVAILABLE
SOLDIER	ON	NABOO…NOW!”	THE	GENERAL	YELLED	AS	HE	BOARDED	HIS	SHIP.
“WHAT	 ARE	 WE	 DOING	 SIR?”	 MAJOR	 AXA	 ASKED	 FOLLOWING	 HIM	 GENERAL
TANASH	 TURNED	 AND	 SAID.	 “WE’RE	 RETURNING	 TO	 NABOO	 TO	 SEARCH	 FOR
OUR	 FAMILY,	 OUR	 BROTHERS	 AND	 SISTERS…THE	 JEDI!”	 SIX	 REPUBLIC
DESTROYERS	HAD	COME	OUT	OF	HYPERSPACE	AND	WERE	QUICKLY	DEPLOYING
TROOPS	 ON	 THE	 PLANET	 TO	 SEARCH	 FOR	 THE	 JEDI.	 SEACO	 BUROC	 SLOWLY
CREPT	OUT	OF	THE	RUBBLE	AND	SENSED	THAT	THE	REPUBLIC	WERE	LOOKING
FOR	 THEM.	 “I	 FOUND	 ONE	 SIR!”	 A	 SOLDIER	 YELLED	 AS	 THE	 GENERAL	 RAN
OVER	AND	HELPED	THE	GRAND	MASTER	OUT	AND	ONTO	HIS	FEET.	“ARE	YOU
ALRIGHT	 MASTER	 JEDI?”	 TANASH	 ASKED	 SEACO.	 “MASTER	 SMITH	 IS	 BURIED.”
HE	SAID	AS	THE	TROOPS	STARTED	TO	DIG	THE	WOUNDED	JEDI	OUT.	MASTER
JEDI	SMITH	WAS	FINALLY	RESCUED,	PLACED	INTO	A	CAPSULE	AND	FLOWN	TO	A
MEDICAL	FRIGATE	NEARBY.
“THANK	 YOU	 GENERAL	 BUT	 AS	 A	 PRECAUTION	 FOR	 THE	 SURVIVAL	 OF	 THE
JEDI,	 I	 MUST	 TAKE	 THIS	 YOUNG	 ONE	 AND	 HIDE	 HIM	 UNTIL	 THIS	 ALL	 BLOWS
OVER.”	MASTER	BUROC	SAID	AS	THEY	WATCHED	THE	JEDI	FLOAT	IN	A	TANK	OF
BACTA.	 THE	 GENERAL	 BOWED	 AND	 SAID,	 “YES	 MASTER	 JEDI,	 I	 UNDERSTAND
COMPLETELY.”	 SEACO	 TURNED	 TO	 FACE	 THE	 GENERAL.	 “NO!	 YOU	 HAVE	 NO
UNDERSTANDING	 AT	 ALL!	 IF	 YOU	 DID,	 YOU	 AND	 YOUR	 TROOPS	 WOULD	 NOT
HAVE	 ATTACKED	 US!”	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER	 YELLED	 AS	 SOLDIERS	 STARTED	 TO
GATHER	 AROUND	 THE	 ENTRANCE	 AND	 LISTEN.	 “HOW	 MANY	 TEMPLES	 HAVE
BEEN	 ATTACKED?	 ONE,	 TWO,	 TEN?”	 HE	 ASKED	 YELLING	 AGAIN	 AS	 THE

GENERAL	 STARTED	 MUMBLING.	 “WE…WE	 DON’T	 HAVE	 TEN	 TEMPLES.”	 SEACO
BUROC	 PUNCHED	 THROUGH	 THE	 TOP	 OF	 A	 MARBLE	 DURA-STEEL	 TABLE,
USING	THE	FORCE	AND	BLASTED	THE	GENERAL	AND	HIS	PLATOON	OF	TROOPS
MORE	THAN	FIFTY	FEET	AWAY.	THE	JEDI	FORCE	GRABBED	THE	LEADER	OFF	OF
HIS	FEET	AND	WALKED	OVER	TO	HIM.
“HOW	MANY?!”	THE	JEDI	YELLED.	THE	FORCE	FROM	HIS	VOICE	WAS	SO	GREAT
THAT	 IT	 SHOOK	 THE	 WALLS	 AND	 ALL	 OF	 THE	 SOLDIERS	 RAN	 IN	 FEAR.	 THE
GENERAL	 WAS	 SO	 FRIGHTENED	 THAT	 THE	 MASTER	 SAW	 A	 YELLOW	 PUDDLE
FORMING	 BENEATH	 HIS	 FEET.	 HE	 THREW	 HIM	 DOWN	 AND	 WALKED	 TO	 HIS
QUARTERS.	 THE	 COMMANDER	 RAN	 OVER	 AND	 HELPED	 THE	 GENERAL	 TO	 HIS
FEET.	 “YOU	 UPSET	 HIM	 GREATLY	 SIR.”	 HE	 SAID.	 THE	 GENERAL	 NODDED	 AND
SAID,	 “YES,	 HE	 IS	 COMMANDER…AND	 HE	 HAS	 EVERY	 RIGHT	 TO	 BE.”	 THE
COMMANDER	WALKED	TO	THE	JEDI’S	ROOM	AND	RANG	THE	BELL.
“GO	AWAY	COMMANDER,	I’M	IN	NO	MOOD	TO	TALK	TO	ANYONE	RIGHT	NOW.”
THE	 JEDI	 SAID.	 THE	 MAN	 DIDN’T	 LEAVE,	 INSTEAD	 HE	 STARTED	 TO	 KNOCK.
“MASTER	 JEDI,	 THERE	 ARE	 FOUR	 TEMPLES	 THAT	 WERE	 NOT	 ATTACKED	 SIR.”
USING	 THE	 FORCE,	 SEACO	 BUROC	 OPENED	 THE	 DOOR	 AND	 MOTIONED	 THE
COMMANDER	 INSIDE.	 THE	 TWO	 SAT	 DOWN	 AT	 A	 TABLE	 THAT	 OVERLOOKED
THE	 NOTHINGNESS	 OF	 SPACE.	 THE	 MEN	 LOOKED	 OUT	 AND	 SAW	 THE	 STARS
STREAKING	 BY	 AS	 THE	 SHIP	 WAS	 IN	 HYPERSPACE.	 “WE’LL	 BE	 BACK	 AT	 THE
HOME	 BASE	 SOON.”	 THE	 COMMANDER	 SAID.	 “WHERE’S	 THAT	 AT?”	 THE	 JEDI
ASKED	AS	HE	FIXED	THE	A	DRINK	FOR	THE	TWO	OF	THEM.	“CORUSCANT	SIR,
THEN	YOU	CAN	SPEAK	TO	THE	NEW	CHANCELLOR.”	THE	MAN	SAID	SIPPING	HIS
BLUE	MILK.	“NEW	CHANCELLOR?”	HE	ASKED.	THE	COMMANDER	NODDED.
“YES,	CHANCELLOR	PALPATINE.”	HE	SAID	AS	THE	JEDI	SPIT	HIS	DRINK	INTO	THE
COMMANDER’S	 FACE.	 “WHAT	 DID	 YOU	 SAY?	 WHO?”	 HE	 ASKED	 AS	 THE	 MAN
WIPED	 HIS	 FACE	 AND	 SAID,	 “CHANCELLOR	 PALPATINE…YOU	 KNOW	 HIM	 OR
SOMETHING?”	 THE	 COMMANDER	 ASKED.	 “KNOW	 HIM?	 OF	 COURSE	 I	 KNOW
HIM,	 HE’S	 MURDERED	 THOUSANDS	 OF	 JEDI,	 DESTROYED	 A	 PLANET,	 AND
BILLIONS	 OF	 INNOCENT	 PEOPLE	 HAVE	 SUFFERED	 AND	 DIED	 AT	 HIS	 EVIL
HANDS!,	 I	 THINK	 I	 KNOW	 THE	 PERSON	 WHO	 BROUGHT	 HIM	 HERE.”	 THE
COMMANDER’S	 EYES	 WIDENED	 AS	 HE	 TRIED	 TO	 SPEAK	 BUT	 NOTHING	 CAME
OUT.	 THE	 JEDI	 SAT	 BACK	 IN	 HIS	 CHAIR	 AND	 FINISHED	 HIS	 DRINK	 AND	 SAID.
“LET	ME	GET	SOME	REST	AND	WHEN	WE	GET	TO	CORUSCANT,	I’LL	DEAL	WITH
PALPATINE	PERSONALLY.”	THE	COMMANDER	GOT	UP	AND	BOWED	TO	THE	JEDI
GRAND	 MASTER	 BEFORE	 LEAVING	 THE	 ROOM.	 SEACO	 LAID	 ON	 THE	 COUCH
AND	WENT	TO	SLEEP.	A	FEW	HOURS	LATER	A	CHIME	SOUNDED	AND	WOKE	THE
JEDI.	“YES?”	HE	ASKED.
“MASTER	JEDI	WE	HAVE	ARRIVED	SIR,	AND	MASTER	SMITH	HAS	BEEN	MOVED
INTO	 THE	 INFIRMARY.”	 A	 SOLDIER	 SAID.	 “I’LL	 SEND	 SOMEONE	 TO	 BRING	 YOU
TO	 THE	 BRIDGE.”	 HE	 ADDED.	 “NO,	 PREPARE	 A	 SHUTTLE,	 THEN	 TAKE	 THIS
FRIGATE	 TO	 THE	 OUTER	 RIM	 NEAR	 SULLEST	 AND	 WAIT	 FOR	 ME.”	 SEACO	 SAID

AS	 HE	 GOT	 UP	 AND	 LEFT	 THE	 ROOM	 AND	 HEADED	 INTO	 THE	 INFIRMARY,	 HE
SAW	A	DROID	TRYING	TO	FEED	HIS	JEDI	FRIEND	WHO	WAS	SPITTING	THE	FOOD
OUT	 OF	 HIS	 MOUTH	 AND	 ONTO	 THE	 FLOOR.	 “PLEASE…EWW!	 STOP!	 HE
YELLED.	“SO	MY	FRIEND,	HOW’S	THE	FOOD	TASTE?”	HE	ASKED.	MASTER	SMITH
DIDN’T	SAT	ANYTHING,	INSTEAD	HE	GAVE	A	NASTY	LOOK	AND	STUCK	OUT	HIS
TONGUE.	 “YUCK!	 IT’S	 TERRIBLE,	 I	 DON’T	 SEE	 HOW	 ANYONE	 LIVES	 ON	 THIS
STUFF.”	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER	 SMILED	 AT	 THE	 RECOVERING	 MASTER	 AND	 LEFT
THE	ROOM.	
A	 FEW	 HOURS	 LATER	 SEACO	 BUROC	 WAS	 WALKING	 TO	 THE	 CHANCELLOR’S
OFFICE	 WITH	 A	 PERSONAL	 ESCORT	 FROM	 THE	 GENERAL.	 “IN	 MY	 TIME	 THIS
SENATE	 BUILDING	 WAS	 NOTHING	 OF	 THIS	 SIZE,	 HOW	 MANY	 PLANETS	 HAVE
SENATORS?”	 THE	 JEDI	 ASKED.	 QUICKENING	 THE	 PACE,	 GENERAL	 TANASH
DIDN’T	LOOK	AT	THE	JEDI	AS	HE	ANSWERED.	“ALMOST	A	MILLION	SIR.”	HE	SAID
AS	THEY	RAN	THROUGH	THE	DARKENED	BUILDING.	A	SENATOR	WAS	COMING
TOWARD	THE	SQUAD	AS	THE	GRAND	MASTER	TURNED	HIS	SABER	ON	AND	CUT
HER	IN	HALF,	SPLITTING	HER	ACROSS	THE	TORSO,	A	SOLDIER	WATCHED	AS	THE
WOMAN	 YELLED	 AT	 HER	 AIDS,	 “KILL	 THE	 JEDI!”	 SHE	 YELLED	 AS	 A	 SOLDIER
POINTED	HIS	RIFLE	AT	HER	HEAD	AND	PULLED	THE	TRIGGER.	THEY	ACTIVATED
THEIR	LIGHTSABERS	AND	MOVED	FORWARD.	“WELL	THIS	IS	INCREDIBLE	ODDS,
SIX	AGAINST	ONE…I	HAVEN’T	FACED	THESE	ODDS	IN	A	LONG	TIME.”
SEACO	SAID	AS	HE	DREW	HIS	LIGHTSABER	AND	TURNED	IT	ON.	HE	WAS	READY
TO	ATTACK	WHEN	HIS	ENEMIES	TURNED	AND	RAN	AWAY.	THE	GRAND	MASTER
CHASED	 AFTER	 THEM	 NOT	 LOOKING	 BEHIND	 TO	 SEE	 WHAT	 WAS	 ADVANCING.
THE	 ENEMIES	 GOT	 TO	 THE	 LIFTS	 AND	 ENTERED,	 THE	 LIFT	 WENT	 UP	 AND
STOPPED,	KNOCKING	THE	ENEMY	TO	THE	FLOOR.	THE	LIFT	CAME	BACK	DOWN
AND	 THE	 GLASS	 EXPLODED,	 RAINING	 THE	 SITH	 WITH	 THE	 PIECES,	 SENDING
THEM	 COWERING	 ON	 THE	 FLOOR.	 “NOW	 THAT’S	 WHERE	 YOU	 BELONG,
CRAWLING	 ON	 THE	 FLOOR	 LIKE	 THE	 SNAKES	 YOU	 ARE.”	 THE	 JEDI	 SAID	 AS	 HE
USED	THE	FORCE	AND	CRUMPLED	THE	LIFT	TUBE	LIKE	A	TIN	CAN.	HE	TURNED
AND	SAW	HUNDREDS	OF	JEDI,	MORE	THAN	WHAT	HE	HAD	EVER	SEEN	AT	ONE
TIME.	 THE	 SITH	 FLOPPED	 OUT	 OF	 THE	 CRUSHED	 TUBE	 AS	 THE	 JEDI
APPROACHED.
“MASTER	BUROC,	GO	AFTER	THE	CHANCELLOR,	WE’LL	TAKE	CARE	OF	THEM.”	A
JEDI	SAID	AS	SEACO	TURNED	AROUND	AND	NODDED	TO	THE	JEDI,	ENTERED	A
LIFT	 AND	 WENT	 TO	 THE	 UPPER	 FLOORS.	 THE	 LIFT	 ARRIVED	 AT	 THE
CHANCELLOR’S	 OFFICE	 AND	 SEACO	 STEPPED	 OUT,	 HE	 ACTIVATED	 HIS
LIGHTSABER,	 CUT	 DOWN	 THE	 GUARDS	 AT	 THE	 DOOR	 AND	 SAW	 THE	 DARK
LORD	 SITTING	 AT	 HIS	 DESK.	 STANDING	 UP	 HE	 ACTIVATED	 A	 RED	 LIGHTSABER
AND	 SLOWLY	 WALKED	 TOWARD	 THE	 JEDI	 WHO	 TURNED	 HIS	 SABER	 OFF	 AND
GRABBED	 A	 DEVICE	 AND	 PUSHED	 A	 BUTTON.	 NOTHING	 WAS	 SAID	 AS	 SEACO
BUROC	 THREW	 THE	 DEVICE	 AT	 THE	 CHANCELLOR,	 HE	 DUCKED	 AS	 THE
INSTRUMENT	 FLEW	 OVER	 HIS	 HEAD	 AND	 ACTIVATED	 ITSELF.	 A	 SMALL	 WORM

HOLE	 APPEARED	 BEHIND	 THE	 ANCIENT	 SITH	 LORD	 AS	 THE	 JEDI	 KEPT	 HIS
DISTANCE.	 ENGULFING	 THE	 SITH,	 SEACO	 FORCE	 GRABBED	 THE	 DEVICE	 AND
WALKED	AWAY.	“NO!”	HE	SCREAMED	AS	THE	WORM	HOLE	TRANSPORTED	HIM
BACK	TO	HIS	OWN	TIME.	ALONE	IN	HIS	OFFICE	THE	JEDI	ACTIVATED	HIS	SABER,
BURIED	IT	INTO	THE	WALL,	AND	WROTE	A	FEW	WORDS.	WHEN	HE	FINISHED,
HE	PULLED	THE	SABER	FROM	THE	WALL,	ENTERED	THE	LIFT	AND	JOINED	HIS
JEDI	 BROTHERS	 AND	 SISTERS	 BELOW.	 A	 FEW	 DAYS	 LATER	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS
HEARD	THE	NEWS	AND	WAS	COMING	OUT	OF	HYPERSPACE.	“IT	CAN’T	BE	TRUE!
IT	JUST	CAN’T	BE!”
THE	 SUPREME	 MASTER	 KEPT	 UTTERING	 AS	 HE	 LANDED	 THE	 SHIP	 AT	 THE
SENATE.	DARTH	LUCRATIS,	TABAH	AND	LORD	SCIN	FOLLOWED	ALL	FORCE	RAN
TO	 THE	 LIFTS	 AND	 SAW	 SENATE	 SECURITY	 GUARDING	 THE	 SCENE.	 ENTERING
THE	 TUBE,	 THE	 SITH	 LORDS	 WENT	 UP	 TO	 THE	 CHANCELLOR’S	 OFFICE	 AND
EXITED	THE	TUBE.	THE	OTHERS	FOLLOWED	BUT	STAYED	BACK	AT	A	DISTANCE
AS	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 EXAMINED	 THE	 OFFICE.	 AS	 HE	 WALKED	 THROUGH	 THE
HALLWAY,	HE	SAW	A	MESSAGE	BURNED	INTO	THE	WALL	BY	A	LIGHTSABER.	IT
READ:	THE	FAT	SITH	SLOB	HAS	RETURNED	TO	HIS	TIME.	IT	WAS	SIGNED	WITH
THE	LETTERS:	S.B.
“SEACO	BUROC	I’LL	KILL	YOU	FOR	THIS!”	DARTH	BRUTICUS	SCREAMED	AS	THE
OTHER	 SITH	 WERE	 WALKING	 AROUND	 THE	 ROOM.“WELL	 THE	 WRITINGS	 ON
THE	WALL.”	DARTH	TABAH	SNICKERED	AS	THE	SUPREME	MASTER	TURNED	AND
GAVE	 THE	 DARK	 LORD	 AN	 EVIL	 LOOK.	 “MAYBE	 ALL	 OF	 THIS	 WAS	 DONE	 BY
YOU.”	DARTH	BRUTICUS	SAID	AS	DARTH	TABAH	TURNED	TO	LOOK	AT	HIM.
“WHAT	DID	YOU	SAY?”	THE	YOUNG	SITH	ASKED.	“YOU	HEARD	ME,	I	SAID	THAT
YOU	 DID	 THIS!”	 THE	 SUPREME	 MASTER	 YELLED	 AS	 HE	 WALKED	 OVER	 TO	 HIM
AND	GOT	IN	HIS	FACE,	“IT	WAS	YOU,	LORD	TABAH…	YOU	ARE	THE	ONLY	ONE
THAT	HATES	LORD	SIDIOUS…YOU,	YOU	TRAITOR.”	THE	DARK	MASTER	SAID	AS
HE	 STARED	 INTO	 DARTH	 TABAH’S	 EYES	 AND	 SAW	 THE	 HELL	 FIRES	 BURNING.
DARTH	TABAH	SHOWED	A	EVIL	LOOK	ON	HIS	FACE	AND	FORCE	PUSHED	DARTH
BRUTICUS	ACROSS	THE	CHANCELLOR’S	OFFICE	AND	THROUGH	THE	WINDOW!
THE	BLAST	WAS	SO	GREAT	THAT	IT	EMBEDDED	THE	OTHER	SITH	LORDS	INTO
THE	 WALLS	 AND	 TURNED	 THE	 FURNITURE	 INTO	 DUST.	 LORD	 TABAH	 FINALLY
SAW	THE	GREAT	POWER	THAT	HE	TRUELY	HAD.	HE	CALMLY	TURNED	AROUND
AND	 LEFT	 THE	 ROOM,	 LEAVING	 THE	 BUILDING	 HE	 BOARDED	 THE	 SITH	 SHIP
AND	 LEFT,	 LEAVING	 THE	 OTHERS	 BEHIND.	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 BROKE	 FREE	 OF
THE	GRIP	AND	RAN	TO	THE	EDGE	OF	THE	GIANT	WINDOW	LEDGE	AND	PULLED
DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 INSIDE	 WHO	 WAS	 HANGING	 BY	 HIS	 FINGERS.	 “I	 THINK	 IT
WAS	SEACO	BUROC	WHO	DID	THIS,	WHY	WOULD	ONE	OF	OUR	OWN	DO	THIS?”
DARTH	LUCRATIS	SAID	AS	HE	HELPED	THE	OTHERS	ESCAPE	THE	WALL’S	GRASP.
LORD	 SCIN	 BROKE	 FREE	 AND	 WALKED	 OVER	 TO	 WHAT	 WAS	 LEFT	 OF	 THE
WINDOW	 AND	 LOOKED	 AROUND,	 HE	 SENSED	 LORD	 TABAH’S	 PRESENCE,
LOOKED	OVER	AT	THE	SITH	SALUTING	THEM,	“FAREWELL	YOU	BLIND	IDIOTS.”

HE	 SAID	 AND	 FELL	 OUT	 OF	 THE	 WINDOW.	 FALLING	 DOWN	 AS	 LORD	 TABAH
FLEW	BY,	LORD	SCIN	GRABBED	THE	TAIL	END	OF	THE	SHIP	AS	THE	DARK	SAT	IN
THE	 COCKPIT	 AND	 WATCHED	 HIS	 FRIEND	 PULL	 HIMSELF	 FORWARD.	 TABAH
STOPPED	THE	SHIP	AND	OPENED	THE	HATCH,	“YOU’RE	STARTING	TO	FOLLOW
ME	LIKE	A	LITTLE	LOST	BANTHA	MY	FRIEND.”	LORD	SCIN	SAID	NOTHING	AS	HE
CLIMBED	INTO	THE	SHIP	AND	THE	TWO	SITH	LORDS	LEFT	THE	PLANET	WHILE
DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 AND	 WHAT	 REMAINED	 OF	 THE	 SITH	 COUNCIL	 WATCHED
THEM	 LEAVE.	 SOME	 TIME	 LATER	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 AND	 THE	 SITH	 COUNCIL
LEFT	CORUSCANT	AND	HEADED	TO	KORRIBAN.
A	 SHIP	 IN	 THE	 DISTANCE	 FOLLOWED	 THE	 SITH	 INTO	 HYPERSPACE,	 DARTH
TABAH	TURNED	TO	SPEAK	TO	LORD	SCIN,	“YOU	WANT	TO	SEE	HOW	TO	REALLY
START	 A	 WAR?”	 HE	 ASKED	 HIS	 FRIEND	 WHO	 NODDED	 HIS	 HEAD.	 THE	 YOUNG
MASTER	 PUSHED	 A	 BUTTON	 AND	 A	 MANDALORIAN	 HOLOGRAM	 APPEARED,
“YES	MASTER	TABAH?”	THE	VOICE	SAID	BOWING	TO	THE	SITH	LORD.
”	 JARSA	 FETT,	 I	 WANT	 YOU	 TO	 FOLLOW	 A	 REPUBLIC	 BOMBER	 TO	 KORRIBAN
AND	THEN	FOLLOW	THE	SHIP	TO	IT’S	FINAL	DESTINATION….A	SITH	TEMPLE	IS
INSIDE	 THE	 MOUNTAINS,	 SPARE	 NO	 ONE’S	 LIFE,	 KILL	 THEM	 ALL!	 MY	 SITH
ASSASSINS	 WILL	 JOIN	 YOU	 ONCE	 YOU	 COME	 OUT	 OF	 HYPERSPACE.”	 DARTH
TABAH	SAID	AS	JARSA	FETT	BOWED	AND	SAID,	“YES	MY	LORD…AS	YOU	WISH.”
THE	 BOUNTY	 HUNTER	 SAW	 ANOTHER	 SITH	 LORD	 SITTING	 BEHIND	 HIS
EMPLOYER	 AND	 HE	 SAW	 THE	 OTHER	 DARK	 LORD	 RAISE	 HIS	 FINGER	 AND
SPEAK.	“ONE	LAST	THING	MANDALORIAN,	MAKE	IT	LOOK	LIKE	A	JEDI	ATTACK.”
HE	SAID	AS	THE	HOLOGRAM	DISAPPEARED.
THE	SHIP	CAME	OUT	OF	HYPERSPACE	AND	FLEW	TOWARDS	KORRIBAN,	DARTH
BRUTICUS	DEPARTED	THE	SHIP	AND	WALKED	TO	THE	ANCIENT	TOMBS	OF	THE
GREAT	 SITH	 ELDERS	 BEFORE	 HIM.	 MANY	 THINGS	 HAD	 CHANGED	 ABOUT	 THE
PLACE	 IN	 A	 MILLION	 OR	 SO	 YEARS,	 THE	 MOUNTAINS	 HAD	 ALMOST	 ERODED
AWAY	TO	NOTHING,	THE	TOMBS	WERE	TOTALLY	RANSACKED	BY	THE	JEDI	AND
GREEDY	THIEVES,	THE	KNOWLEDGE	HAD	BEEN	COMPLETELY	FORGOTTEN	AS	IF
ERASED	 FROM	 EXISTENCE.	 IN	 THE	 DESERT,	 MOISTURE	 FARMS	 POPPED	 UP	 ALL
OVER	 AND	 TURNED	 WASTELANDS	 INTO	 BOOMING	 CITIES	 BUSTLING	 WITH
PEOPLE	 AND	 BUSINESS.	 NO	 LONGER	 IS	 THERE	 A	 NEED	 FOR	 THE	 JEDI,	 THESE
PEOPLE	RELY	AND	DEPEND	ON	THE	SITH.
“WE	 ARE	 THE	 RACE	 THAT	 WAS	 INTENDED	 TO	 BE,	 INSTEAD	 OF	 HIDING	 IN	 THE
SHADOWS,	 WE	 ARE	 NO	 LONGER	 LIVING	 IN	 THE	 DARK.”	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER
SAID	 TO	 HIMSELF	 AS	 HE	 WALKED	 ON.	 HE	 FORCE-FLASHED	 THROUGH	 THE
MOUNTAINS	 AND	 ARRIVED	 AT	 THE	 SMALL	 CITY	 OF	 ABASKA,	 IT	 LIED	 OUTSIDE
OF	 THE	 SITH	 ACADEMY’S	 KILLING	 FIELDS	 IN	 THE	 DESERT.	 IT	 WAS	 THE	 ONLY
PLACE	FOR	APPRENTICES	TO	RESUPPLY	BEFORE	RETURNING	TO	THE	ACADEMY.
ENTERING	 THE	 CITY,	 A	 WOMAN	 WALKED	 OVER	 TO	 HIM	 AND	 HANDED	 HIM	 A
BASKET	OF	FRUIT,	HE	DENIED	TAKING	THE	SMELLY	FRUIT	THAT	HE	ONCE	LOVED
TO	EAT	AND	WALKED	ON	AS	THE	WOMAN	SMILED	AND	WALKED	BACK	TO	HER

KIOSK.	 WALKING	 BEHIND	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER	 A	 FIGURE	 IN	 BLACK	 TOOK	 HIS
HOOD	 DOWN	 AND	 GRABBED	 HIS	 SHOULDER,	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 DIDN’T	 TURN
IN	SURPRISE	INSTEAD	HE	LAUGHED,	
“I	KNEW	IT	WAS	YOU	SENATOR….I	CAN	SMELL	YOUR	COLOGNE…I	NEED	YOUR
HELP,	 GATHER	 THE	 OTHER	 SCATTERED	 SITH	 CLANS	 SPREAD	 ACROSS	 THE
GALAXY.”	HE	SAID	TURNING	AROUND	AND	FACING	THE	SENATOR	WHO	SHOOK
HIS	 HEAD	 IN	 DISAGREEMENT.	 “I’M	 SORRY	 MY	 LORD,	 I	 CAN’T.	 THEY	 HAVE
ALREADY	BEEN	UNITED,	YOU	MAY	SPEAK	TO	EACH	GRAND	MASTER	AND	SEE	IF
THEY	 WILL	 JOIN	 WITH	 YOU	 BUT	 I	 HIGHLY	 DOUBT	 IT.	 THEY	 KNOW	 OF
YOUR…..METHODS	 AND	 WILL	 PROBABLY	 STAY	 AWAY.”	 HE	 SAID	 BOWING	 AND
BACKING	 AWAY.	 THE	 DARK	 MASTER	 SQUEEZED	 HIS	 FINGERS	 TOGETHER	 AND
THE	 SENATOR	 FELL	 TO	 THE	 GROUND	 GASPING.	 “MM…MY	 LOR….LORD….I…
CAN’T.”
HE	 SAID	 GASPING	 FOR	 A	 BREATH.	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 STOOD	 OVER	 HIM	 AND
GRABBED	 HIM	 BY	 HIS	 THROAT.	 “YOU	 REMEMBER	 YOUNG	 ONE,	 YOU	 ARE	 A
SENATOR	AND	A	DARK	LORD	OF	THE	SITH,	YOU	WILL	DO	MY	BIDDING	OR	YOU
WILL	 DIE!”	 HE	 SAID	 FORCE	 THROWING	 THE	 MAN	 ACROSS	 THE	 FRUIT	 MARKET
AND	INTO	THE	SMELLY	FRUIT	THAT	HE	ONCE	ATE.
DARTH	LILITH	RAN	OVER	TO	HELP	THE	FALLEN	SENATOR	WHO	STOOD	UP	AND
FORCE	 PUSHED	 THE	 DARK	 LORD	 INTO	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER	 AND	 TURNED	 HIS
LIGHTSABER	 ON,	 “NO,	 YOU	 WILL	 DIE!”	 THE	 SENATOR	 SAID	 AS	 HE	 TOOK	 HIS
RED	 ROBE	 OFF.	 DARTH	 LILITH	 AND	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 BOTH	 TURNED	 THEIR
SABERS	 ON	 AS	 THE	 DARK	 LORD	 SPOKE,	 “YOU	 ARE	 NOT	 NEEDED	 ANYMORE
YOUNG	 ONE.”	 HE	 SAID	 TO	 LADY	 LILITH	 AND	 FORCE	 PUSHED	 HER	 INTO	 THE
SUPREME	 MASTER’S	 LIGHTSABER	 PIERCING	 INTO	 HER	 BACK	 AND	 THROUGH
HER	 CHEST,	 KILLING	 HER	 INSTANTLY.	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 FORCE	 PUSHED	 HER
ASIDE	AND	ENGAGED	THE	SENATOR.
HE	THREW	HIS	LIGHTSABER	INTO	THE	SENATOR’S	FACE	AND	FORCE	GRABBED
THE	 FALLEN	 SITH’S	 WEAPON	 AND	 LUNGED	 FORWARD	 AS	 THE	 SENATOR
BLOCKED	THE	DARK	LORD’S	SECOND	ATTACK	BUT	GOT	HIT	BY	THE	FIRST	IN	THE
FACE.	THE	SENATOR	BACKED	AWAY	AND	TURNED	THE	SABER	OFF.	THE	SYNTHFLESH	MELTED	OFF	OF	THE	SENATOR’S	FACE	AND	SHOCKED	DARTH	BRUTICUS
AT	 FIRST	 BUT	 HE	 DIDN’T	 SHOW	 IT.	 “WELL,	 WELL,	 LOOK	 WHO	 THE	 MYSTERY
SENATOR	 REALLY	 IS…DARTH	 TAVION,	 SOMEHOW	 I	 FIGURED	 THAT	 YOU
WOULDN’T	HAVE	BEEN	DESTROYED	BY	ALL	OF	THOSE	JEDI	AND	LIVED	TO	FACE
ME	NOW.”
DARTH	TAVION	LAUGHED	AND	SAID,	“I	KILLED	ALL	OF	THOSE	JEDI	SCUM	WITH
A	 THOUGHT	 BOMB….SOMEHOW	 THE	 BLAST	 THROUGH	 ME	 OUT	 OF	 HARM’S
WAY.	THE	DARK	SIDE	OF	THE	FORCE	KNEW	THAT	I	WOULD	SEEK	REVENGE	FOR
THAT	LITTLE	SITH	MIND	TRICK	THAT	YOU	PULLED	ON	ME.”	
TAVION	SAID	AS	HE	FORCE	THREW	HIS	LIGHTSABER	AT	DARTH	BRUTICUS	WHO
WASN’T	 EXPECTING	 THE	 ATTACK	 AND	 RAISED	 HIS	 SABER	 TO	 BLOCK	 AT	 THE

LAST	 SECOND	 AND	 WAS	 STRUCK	 IN	 THE	 FACE	 BY	 HIS	 OWN	 BLADE.	 TAVION
DIDN’T	 SLOW	 DOWN,	 INSTEAD	 HE	 CROUCHED	 DOWN	 AND	 ATTACKED	 AGAIN,
SWINGING	 AT	 THE	 SUPREME	 MASTER’S	 LEGS	 WHICH	 KNOCKED	 HIM	 TO	 THE
GROUND.	
THE	 GRAND	 MASTER	 HAD	 LOST	 BOTH	 LEGS	 AND	 THE	 YOUNG	 SITH	 LORD
SWUNG	 DOWN	 AS	 THE	 SUPREME	 MASTER	 TRIED	 DESPERATELY	 TO	 BLOCK	 HIS
ATTACK,	DARTH	TAVION	HIT	HIS	ARM,	CUTTING	IT	OFF	AS	WELL	AND	JUST	AS
THE	 SABER	 WAS	 ABOUT	 TO	 HIT	 HIS	 HEAD,	 THE	 DARK	 LORD	 WAS	 FORCE
PUSHED	 FROM	 AN	 UNKNOWN	 FIGURE	 BEHIND	 HIM.	 HE	 WAS	 TOSSED
FORWARD,	 LANDING	 ON	 HIS	 FEET	 AND	 TURNING	 AROUND	 STOOD	 DARTH
LUCRATIS	 AND	 DARTH	 KAMENWATI	 WHO	 GRABBED	 THE	 SEVERLY	 WOUNDED
GRAND	 MASTER	 AS	 THE	 SENIOR	 MEMBER	 OF	 THE	 SITH	 COUNCIL	 MOVED
FORWARD	TO	ENGAGE	DARTH	TAVION.	“I’LL	SEE	YOU	VERY	SOON.”	HE	SAID	TO
DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 AS	 A	 DUST	 STORM	 BLEW	 IN	 AND	 THE	 DARK	 LORD
DISAPPEARED.
A	MEDICAL	UNIT	BOARDED	A	SHIP	NEARBY	AND	FLEW	THE	SUPREME	MASTER
TO	THE	INFIRMARY.	A	FIGURE	IN	MANDALORIAN	ARMOR	STEPPED	INTO	A	SHOP
AND	PULLED	A	SMALL	HOLOGRAM	PROJECTOR	FROM	HIS	POCKET	AND	PUSHED
A	 BUTTON.	 DARTH	 TABAH	 APPEARED	 AND	 THE	 BOUNTY	 HUNTER	 GAVE	 AN
UPDATE.	 “WELL	 DONE	 JARSA,	 KEEP	 ME	 INFORMED.”	 HE	 SAID	 AS	 THE
HOLOGRAM	FADED	AWAY.
MASTER	SMITH	AWOKE	AND	SAW	A	FEW	OF	HIS	JEDI	BROTHERS	AND	SISTERS
STANDING	 AROUND	 HIM,	 HE	 SAT	 UP	 AND	 ADJUSTED	 HIMSELF	 AS	 GENERAL
TANASH	CAME	IN	TO	GIVE	HIS	REPORT,	“GRAND	MASTER	SEACO	BUROC	SENT
THE	 SITH	 CHANCELLOR	 BACK	 TO	 HIS	 OWN	 TIME	 AND	 IS	 CURRENTLY	 ON	 HIS
WAY	 HERE.	 UNTIL	 HE	 ARRIVES,	 GRAND	 MASTER	 DELPA	 GIVAL	 IS	 THE	 NEW
CHANCELLOR	 OF	 THE	 REPUBLIC.	 THE	 GENERAL	 TURNED	 AND	 BOWED	 AS	 THE
GRAND	 MASTER	 ENTERED	 THE	 ROOM.	 AN	 APPRENTICE	 WALKED	 UP	 TO	 THE
MASTER	AND	TUGGED	AT	HIS	CLOAK.	GIVAL	LOOKED	DOWN	AT	THE	BOY	WHO
SAID,	“WHAT	DO	WE	DO	NOW	MASTER?”
HE	 LOOKED	 AROUND	 THE	 ROOM	 AT	 THE	 MANY	 JEDI	 WHO	 WERE	 SITTING,
STANDING	AND	LAYING	DOWN	ON	THE	FLOOR.	THEY	WERE	EXHAUSTED,	SOME
HAD	RIPPED	CLOTHING,	SCARS,	BURNS,	AS	A	JEDI	HEALER	AND	A	MEDICAL	BOT
WENT	 AROUND	 THE	 ROOM	 HE	 SPOKE.	 “I	 KNOW	 WHAT	 YOU	 ARE	 ALL	 GOING
THROUGH,	I’VE	BEEN	THERE	MANY	TIMES,	ONE	THING	THAT	YOU	ALL	NEED	TO
REMEMBER	 IS	 THAT	 YOU	 ARE	 JEDI,	 THIS	 IS	 OUR	 JOB	 AND	 WE	 NEED	 TO	 FIND
THE	REST	OF	THE	MISSING	JEDI…AND	GO	TO	WAR!”
DARTH	 TABAH	 AND	 LORD	 SCIN	 LANDED	 ON	 ACRYL	 II,	 EXITED	 THE	 SHIP	 AND
ENTERED	 THE	 TEMPLE.	 A	 DARK	 LORD	 RAN	 TO	 DARTH	 TABAH,	 BOWED	 AND
SAID,“WE’RE	 READY	 FOR	 BATTLE	 MY	 LORD,	 WHAT	 ARE	 YOUR	 ORDERS?”	 HE
ASKED	AS	THE	TWO	SITH	MASTERS	STROLLED	THROUGH	THE	GREAT	HALL	TO
THE	 LIFTS.	 NOTHING	 NOW,	 WE’RE	 GOING	 TO	 MEET	 IN	 THE	 COUNCIL

CHAMBERS.”
DARTH	 TABAH	 SAID	 TO	 THE	 APPRENTICE	 AS	 THEY	 ENTERED	 THE	 LIFT	 AND
ASSENDED	 TO	 THE	 CHAMBERS.	 ENTERING	 THE	 COUNCIL	 IT	 WAS	 HUGE,	 MUCH
LARGER	THAN	ANYTHING	THAT	LORD	SCIN	HAD	EVER	BEEN	INTO.	“THIS	LOOKS
LIKE	A	STADIUM!”	HE	EXCLAIMED,	“HOW	MANY	PEOPLE	DOES	THIS	SEAT?”	HE
ASKED	 LOOKING	 AROUND	 AT	 THE	 BLACK	 MARBLE	 SEATS	 AND	 RED	 MARBLE
TABLES.	 “THREE	 HUNDRED	 EXACTLY.”	 DARTH	 TABAH	 SAID	 AS	 THEY	 WALKED
AROUND	 TO	 THE	 ONLY	 TWO	 PADDED	 CHAIRS	 AND	 SAT	 DOWN.	 TWO	 HOLO
SCREENS	RAISED	FROM	THE	TABLE	IN	FRONT	OF	THE	TWO	SITH	AND	TURNED
ON.	 “IF	 THERE	 IS	 ANYTHING	 THAT	 YOU	 WANT,	 SOMETHING	 TO	 EAT	 OR
WHATEVER,	SAY	IT	AND	IT	WILL	BE	DONE,	NO	QUESTIONS	ASKED.”
THE	 GRAND	 MASTER	 SAID	 TO	 LORD	 SCIN.	 HE	 THEM	 CLAPPED	 HIS	 HANDS
TOGETHER	 AND	 THE	 DOORS	 OPENED	 AND	 PEOPLE	 BEGAN	 ENTERING	 THE
ROOM	 AND	 SAT	 DOWN	 IN	 THEIR	 SEATS.	 AN	 APPRENTICE	 WALKED	 OVER	 IN
FRONT	 OF	 DARTH	 TABAH,	 BOWED,	 HOLDING	 A	 HOLOSCREEN	 HE	 BOWED	 TO
ALL	 OF	 THE	 MASTERS	 SITTING	 BEHIND	 THE	 TABLE	 AND	 BEGAN	 WITH	 THE
UPDATES.	 “GRAND	 MASTER,	 THE	 DARK	 FORCE	 NAVY	 IS	 READY	 FOR	 WAR!
CURRENTLY	WE	HAVE	TEN	MILLION,	THE	ARMY	HAS	TWENTY	MILLION,	THERE
ARE	 TWO	 MILLION	 ASSASSINS,	 MY	 LORD.”	 DARTH	 TABAH	 NODDED	 AND	 SAID,
“THE	 NUMBERS	 ARE	 LOWER	 THAN	 USUAL,	 AND	 WHAT	 OF	 THE	 NUMBERS	 OF
THE	SITH?”	HE	ASKED.	“WE…HAVE,	UM..WE’VE”	HE	STARTED	TO	STUTTER	AND
MUMBLE	 AND	 BECAME	 VERY	 SHAKY.	 “WELL,	 WHAT	 ARE	 THEY?!”	 THE	 GRAND
MASTER	YELLED	AS	THE	APPRENTICE	STOOD	AT	ATTENTION.	“MASTER,	THERE
ARE	 SEVEN	 HUNDRED	 FIFTY	 THOUSAND	 YOUNGLINGS….TWO	 MILLION
MASTERS	AND	ONE	HUNDRED	TEN	THOUSAND	APPRENTICES,	SIR!”
HE	SAID	BOWING	AND	WALKING	BACK	TO	HIS	SEAT.	DARTH	TABAH	RUBBED	HIS
CHIN	AND	SAID,	“THEN	WHY	WOULD	TEN	DESTROYERS	LEAVE	WENATHM	FULL
OF	SOLDIERS	THAT	DARTH	BRUTICUS	DOES	NOT	HAVE,	AND	HE	ISN’T	EVEN	ON
THAT	PLANET,	HE’S	ON	KORRIBAN.	HMM,	SEND	OUT	OUR	SCOUTS,	WITH	THE
ASSASSINS	 NEARBY	 TO	 ASSIST	 JARSA	 FETT,	 NOW	 GO!”	 HE	 SAID	 AS	 HE	 AND
LORD	SCIN	GOT	UP	FROM	THEIR	SEATS	AND	LEFT	THE	ROOM.
DARTH	 TABAH	 ENTERED	 LORD	 SCIN’S	 NEW	 QUARTERS	 AND	 LOOKED	 AROUND
THE	ROOM,	HE	DIDN’T	CARE	WHAT	IT	LOOKED	LIKE	AS	LONG	AS	THE	BED	WAS
COMFORTABLE,	HE	SAT	DOWN,	IT	WAS.	LORD	SCIN	ENTERED	THE	ROOM	AND
SAT	DOWN	IN	A	CHAIR	NEXT	TO	THE	BED	AND	SAID,
“I	 LIKE	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS,	 I	 JUST	 HATE	 HIS	 CHOICE	 FOR	 A	 CHANCELLOR…HE
COULD	HAVE	PICKED	SOMEONE	ELSE	LIKE	DARTH	NORAA,	HE	WAS	A	SENATOR
OR	 STILL	 IS,	 I	 WOULD	 HAVE	 CHOSE	 HIM	 OVER	 SIDIOUS	 ANY	 DAY.	 IT’S	 HIS
STUPIDITY	THAT	LED	US	TO	THIS.”	DARTH	TABAH	PLOPPED	DOWN	ON	THE	BED
AND	 USED	 FORCE	 LIGHTNING	 AND	 FIRE	 TO	 BURN	 THE	 CEILING	 ABOVE	 HIS
HEAD.	 LORD	 SCIN	 SAT	 IN	 A	 CHAIR,	 PROPPED	 HIS	 FEET	 ON	 THE	 FOOT	 OF	 THE
BED	 AND	 WAS	 WATCHING	 HIS	 FRIEND	 DESTROY	 THE	 ROOM	 WITH	 HIS

THEATRICS.	“ARE	YOU	HAVING	FUN?”
HE	 ASKED	 WHILE	 COVERING	 HIS	 HEAD	 FROM	 FALLING	 DEBRIS,	 DARTH	 TABAH
DID	NOTHING	AS	THE	BURNT	PIECES	OF	CEILING	FELL	IN	HIS	FACE.	THEY	BOTH
FELL	 ASLEEP	 AS	 AN	 APPRENTICE	 ENTERED	 THE	 ROOM	 AND	 ANNOUNCED,
“MASTERS,	 I	 HAVE	 GREAT	 NEWS!”	 HE	 EXCLAIMED.	 THE	 TWO	 SITH	 LORDS	 DID
NOTHING,	 THEY	 WERE	 ASLEEP.	 A	 MASTER	 STOOD	 AT	 THE	 DOOR	 AND	 SAID,
“YOU	 HAVE	 TO	 REMEMBER	 YOUNG	 ONE,	 THEY	 HAVE	 BEEN	 FIGHTING	 FOR
WEEKS	 ON	 END	 WITHOUT	 ANY	 REST.”	 THE	 APPRENTICE	 WALKED	 OUT	 OF	 THE
ROOM,	“YES	THEY	DO	NEED	THEIR	REST.”	HE	SAID	AND	SHUT	THE	DOOR.
DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 LAY	 IN	 THE	 ABANDONED	 SITH	 ACADEMY	 ON	 KORRIBAN
WHILE	A	HANDFUL	OF	FXR-4	DROIDS	WERE	HARD	AT	WORK	REPAIRING	HIM.
DARTH	LUCRATIS	AND	DARTH	NORAA	STOOD	OUTSIDE	OF	THE	ROOM	LOOKING
THROUGH	THE	WINDOW.	“WILL	THEY	DO	TO	HIM	LIKE	THEY	DID	TO…”	HE	WAS
CUT	OFF	BY	DARTH	NORAA	WHO	HELD	UP	HIS	HAND	AND	SAID,
“NO,	 THE	 DAYS	 OF	 WORKING	 ON	 HUMANS	 LIKE	 DARTH	 VADER	 ARE	 LONG
GONE.	 WE,	 OR	 SHOULD	 I	 SAY	 THEY	 HAVE	 A	 REGENERATION	 MACHINE	 THAT
WILL	 MAKE	 IT	 AS	 IF	 HIS	 MISSING	 LIMBS	 WERE	 NEVER	 CUT	 OFF,	 IN	 A	 FEW
MINUTES…HE	 WILL	 BE	 LIKE	 HIS	 NEW	 OLD	 SELF.”	 THE	 MACHINE	 FINISHED	 IT’S
WORK	AND	A	FEW	MOMENTS	THE	SITH	GRAND	MASTER	SAT	UP	AND	LOOKED
AT	 HIS	 ARM	 AND	 LEGS.	 “JUST	 LIKE	 NEW?”	 HE	 ASKED.	 “YES	 MY	 LORD,	 BETTER
THAN	 NEW.”	 THE	 FXR-4	 DROID	 SAID	 AS	 IT	 HELPED	 HIM	 UP	 ON	 TO	 HIS	 FEET.
DARTH	BRUTICUS	LOOKED	UP	AND	SAW	DARTH	LUCRATIS	AND	DARTH	NORAA
LOOKING	IN	THROUGH	THE	WINDOW.	HE	SLOWLY	WALKED	OVER	TO	THE	SITH
LORDS	 WHO	 ENTERED	 AND	 WERE	 ADMIRING	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER’S	 NEW
LIMBS	 AS	 HE	 SLOWLY	 WALKED	 AROUND	 THE	 ROOM.	 “WOW,	 THIS	 IS
AWESOME!	NOW	LET’S	GO	BACK	TO	WENATHM,	I	HAVE	MANY	THINGS	TO	DO.”
HE	SAID	LEAVING	THE	INFIRMARY.
“WE	 ARE	 UNDER	 ATTACK!”	 ONE	 APPRENTICE	 SCREAMED	 TO	 THE	 ENTRANCE
GUARDS	WHO’S	NEWS	QUICKLY	SPREAD	AND	WOKE	THE	REST	OF	THE	TEMPLE.
DARTH	 KAMENWATI	 ENTERED	 THE	 WAR	 ROOM	 ALONG	 WITH	 DARTH	 LAZUR,
AND	 DARTH	 NORAA.	 EXPLOSIONS	 WERE	 HEARD	 ALL	 OVER	 THE	 MOUNTAIN
AND	ROCKS	WERE	STARTING	TO	FALL	FROM	THE	CEILING.	THE	GRAND	MASTER
AND	DARTH	LUCRATIS	ENTERED	THE	ROOM	AS	APPRENTICES	RAN	FOR	COVER.
THEY	 WERE	 TRYING	 TO	 IDENTIFY	 WHO	 THE	 ATTACKERS	 WERE.	 “MASTERS,	 IN
ALL	OF	MY	YEARS	I’VE	NEVER	SEEN	SHIPS	LIKE	THESE…ARE	THEY	REPUBLIC	OR
JEDI?”	 AN	 APPRENTICE	 ASKED.	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 GRABBED	 THE	 BOY	 BY	 HIS
SHIRT	AND	SAID,
“THE	 REPUBLIC	 AND	 THE	 JEDI	 ARE	 ONE	 YOU	 IDIOT!”	 THE	 HOLOPROJECTORS
CONSTANTLY	 SCANNED	 THE	 INCOMING	 SHIPS	 BUT	 COULD	 IDENTIFY	 NONE	 OF
THEM.	A	WING	OF	BOMBERS	SHOT	D.F.M.‘S	OR	DARK	FORCE	MATTER	MISSILES
INTO	THE	CAVE,	EXPLODING	THEM	INTO	THE	INNER	WALLS	AND	DROPPED	THE

D.F.M.	 BOMBS	 INTO	 THE	 LARGE	 HOLES	 BELOW	 AND	 ROLLING	 THEM	 IN	 THE
SITH	 TEMPLE.	 ,	 DISINTEGRATING	 ANYONE	 AND	 EVERYTHING	 IN	 IT’S	 PATH.
THOUSANDS	OF	SITH	WERE	DESTROYED	AS	THEY	SCRAMBLED	TO	THE	LAUNCH
PADS,	THE	OUTER	DEFENSES	WAS	OF	NO	USE	AS	THEY	WERE	THE	FIRST	TO	BE
DESTROYED	 AS	 THE	 REMAINING	 COUNCIL	 MEMBERS	 BOARDED	 A	 SHIP	 AND
BARELY	ESCAPED	AS	THEY	FLED	FROM	THE	PLANET.	SEVERAL	SHIPS	ENTERED
THE	CAVE,	LANDED	AND	SEARCHED	FOR	ANY	REMAINING	SITH.	DARTH	TABAH
AND	LORD	SCIN	TRIED	TO	ENTER	THE	TEMPLE	BUT	IT	WAS	COLLAPSED	SHUT.
THE	GRAND	MASTER	COULDN’T	SENSE	ANYONE	INSIDE,	THEY	BOARDED	THEIR
STOLEN	 REPUBLIC	 SHIPS	 AND	 LEFT	 THE	 PLANET.	 THE	 COMMANDER	 OF	 THE
SITH	 NAVY	 RAN	 TO	 LORD	 TABAH	 TO	 INFORM	 HIM	 OF	 THE	 COMING	 SHIPS.
“GRAND	 MASTER,	 A	 FLEET	 OF	 REPUBLIC	 DESTROYERS	 HAVE	 JUST	 COME	 OUT
OF	HYPERSPACE	AND	WE’RE	HIDING	OUTSIDE	THE	WENATHM	SYSTEM.”	DARTH
TABAH	 NODDED	 AND	 SAID,	 “SEND	 OUT	 THE	 ASSASSINS	 TO	 ATTACK,	 MAKE	 IT
LIGHT.”	 THE	 COMMANDERBOWED	 AND	 SAID,	 “YES	 SIR!”	 THE	 SITH	 WATCHED
FROM	 THE	 HANGAR	 AS	 THE	 ASSASSINS	 SCRAMBLED	 TO	 THEIR	 SHIPS	 AND
PREPARED	 TO	 LEAVE.	 “AH	 SITH	 DOMINATORS,	 BEST	 SHIPS	 WE’VE	 HAD	 SINCE
LORD	MAUL’S	INFILTRATOR	WAS	CREATED.”
THE	COMMANDER	SAID	AS	HE,	THE	GRAND	MASTER	AND	LORD	SCIN	STROLLED
THROUGH	 THE	 HANGAR.	 “NO,	 THERE	 HAVE	 BEEN	 VESSELS	 BUILT	 BETTER.
INSTEAD	 OF	 HAVING	 SHIP	 BUILDERS	 LOYAL	 TO	 THE	 SITH	 AND	 THEN	 HAVE
THEM	 TURN	 AGAINST	 US,	 WE	 HAVE	 OUR	 OWN.”	 LORD	 SCIN	 SAID	 AS	 THEY
WALKED	 ON.	 THE	 COMMANDER	 LEANED	 OVER	 TO	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER	 AND
WHISPERED,	
“YOUR	 FRIEND	 IS	 VERY	 RESOURCEFUL.”	 LORD	 SCIN	 LEANED	 IN	 AND	 SAID,	 “I’M
VERY	 KNOWLEDGEABLE,	 FORMIDABLE,	 AND	 EXTREMELY	 DANGEROUS…YOU
WANT	 TO	 SEE?”	 THE	 COMMANDER’S	 EYES	 WIDENED	 AND	 HE	 BACKED	 AWAY
AND	FELL	OVER	A	STORAGE	DURASTEEL	BOX	AND	QUICKLY	GOT	UP	“NO,	NO,
NO,	NO,	I’M	NOT	THAT	KIND	OF	WARRIOR	AND	I	KNOW	NOTHING	OF	THE	SITH
WAY	 OF	 FIGHTING…EXCUSE	 ME	 MY	 LORD…I	 MUST….UH,	 I	 GOTTA…..I	 GOTTA
GO!”	 HE	 SAID	 STUTTERING	 AS	 HE	 RAN	 AWAY.	 THE	 TWO	 SITH	 LORD	 STARTED
LAUGHING	 AS	 DARTH	 TABAH	 ALMOST	 FELL	 OVER	 AND	 SAT	 DOWN	 ON	 THE
STORAGE	 BOX.	 “I	 THINK	 HE	 URINATED	 IN	 HIS	 PANTS.”	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER
SAID.
“THIS	 CANNOT	 BE	 THE	 WORK	 OF	 SEACO	 BUROC	 OR	 DARTH	 TABAH,	 NEITHER
OF	THOSE	TWO	WOULD	HAVE	THE	RESOURCES	TO	DO	SO,	LET	ALONE	ANYONE
ELSE.	 IT’S	 GOT	 TO	 BE	 SOMEONE	 IN	 THE	 SENATE	 OR	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 FORCES!”
DARTH	BRUTICUS	SAID	AS	HE	AND	THE	COUNCIL	MASTERS	RETREATED.	
“WE	 CAN’T	 GO	 BACK	 TO	 WENATHM	 OR	 KORRIBAN…WHAT	 ABOUT	 ZIOST	 OR
BYSS?”	 HE	 ASKED.	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 CONTACTED	 MZ-12	 WHO	 WAS	 ON	 BYSS.
“MASTERS,	 THE	 TEMPLES	 ARE	 OPERATIONAL	 ON	 BOTH	 TEMPLES	 AND	 AWAIT
YOU,	LORD	LUCRATIS.”	THE	DROID	SAID	AS	THE	HOLOGRAM	FADED.	

“CAPTAIN,	 SET	 A	 COURSE	 FOR	 BYSS.”	 DARTH	 NORAA	 SAID	 WHILE	 THE	 PILOTS
SET	THE	COURSE	AND	WHOOSH!	THE	SHIP	WAS	GONE.
DARTH	NORAA	WAS	SUMMONED	TO	THE	INFIRMARY	BY	THE	GRAND	MASTER.
HE	 ENTERED	 AND	 SAW	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 SPEAKING	 TO	 A	 LARGE	 HOLOGRAM.
“IT	 WILL	 BE	 DONE	 MY	 LORD.”	 THE	 YOUNG	 MAN	 HEARD	 THE	 SENIOR	 MASTER
SAY	 AS	 THE	 HOLOGRAM	 DISAPPEARED.	 HE	 TURNED	 TO	 FACE	 DARTH	 NORAA
AND	 SAID,	 “WE	 NEED	 YOUR	 EXPERIENCE.”	 HE	 SAID	 SITTING	 ON	 THE	 EDGE	 OF
THE	TABLE	AS	DARTH	NORAA	STEPPED	CLOSER.	“NAME	IT.”
THE	YOUNG	MASTER	SAID.	DARTH	LUCRATIS	STOOD	UP	AND	WALKED	OVER	TO
A	 HOLOSCREEN	 AND	 PUSHED	 A	 BUTTON.	 “WE	 HAVE	 A	 TRAITOR,	 HE	 OR	 SHE
HAS	DESTROYED	OUR	TEMPLE	ON	WENATHM	AND	HAS	THE	REPUBLIC	WAITING
FOR	US	WITH	A	MASSIVE	ARMY	ON	KORRIBAN.	WHAT	I	WANT	YOU	TO	DO	IS
INFILTRATE	 THE	 RANKS	 OF	 THE	 SITH,	 FIND	 THIS	 TRAITOR	 AND	 KILL	 THEM…I
DON’T	CARE	WHAT	IT	TAKES	OR	WHO	IT	IS,	USE	ALL	OF	YOUR	RESOURCES	AND
DESTROY	 THEM!”	 THE	 YOUNG	 MASTER	 BOWED,	 TURNED	 AND	 WALKED
TOWARD	THE	DOOR.	“ONE	LAST	THING.”	DARTH	LUCRATIS	SAID	AS	HE	WALKED
OVER	TO	THE	DOORS.
“THIS	 TRAITOR….IS	 A	 SUSPECTED	 COUNCIL	 MEMBER.”	 THE	 YOUNG	 MASTER’S
EYES	 WIDENED	 AND	 HE	 OPENED	 HIS	 MOUTH	 TO	 SPEAK,	 BUT	 NOTHING	 CAME
OUT	AT	FIRST.	“MASTER	LUCRATIS,	SITH	LAW	PROHIBITS..”	HE	WAS	CUT	OFF,	“I
KNOW	THE	LAW	OF	THE	SITH,	YOUNG	ONE	AND	AS	THE	SENIOR	MEMBER	OF
THE	 SITH	 COUNCIL,	 I	 AM	 GIVING	 YOU	 THE	 HIGHEST	 SECURITY	 CLEARANCE	 TO
HUNT	 DOWN	 THIS	 BASTARD	 AND	 DESTROY	 HIM,	 NOW	 GO!”	 DARTH	 NORAA
BOWED	AND	LEFT	THE	ROOM.	A	HOLOGRAM	APPEARED	AND	SPOKE,	“IT	MUST
BE	DONE,	OUR	NEW	OBJECTIVES	ARE	TO	WEED	OUT	THE	UNDESIREABLES,	GET
RID	OF	THEM	NO	MATTER	WHAT	THE	COST.
HE	 IS	 EXPENDABLE	 AND	 SO	 ARE	 ALL	 OF	 HIS	 RESOURCES.”	 THE	 HOLOIMAGE
FADED	AND	DARTH	KAMENWATI	ENTERED	THE	ROOM	AND	BOWED	TO	DARTH
LUCRATIS.	 “MASTER	 LUCRATIS,	 YOU	 SUMMONED	 ME?”	 HE	 ASKED.	 “WE	 NEED
YOUR	EXPERIENCE	YOUNG	ONE.”	THE	DARK	LORD	SAID	WALKING	OVER	TO	THE
HOLOSCREEN	ON	THE	WALL	AND	PUSHING	A	BUTTON.	
DARTH	TAVION	RETREATED	BACK	TO	HIS	SHIP	BUT	DIDN’T	LEAVE	THE	PLANET,
IT	 WAS	 SURROUNDED	 BY	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 AND	 HE	 SAW	 THAT	 THEY	 SENT	 THE
ARMY	TO	THE	TEMPLE.	“HMMM….I	THINK	I’LL	HAVE	TO	DO	SOMETHING	ABOUT
THAT.”	HE	SAID	TO	HIMSELF	AS	HE	SUMMONED	TEN	XT-73	BOMB	DROIDS	TO
THE	 TEMPLE.	 AS	 THEY	 ARRIVED,	 THE	 DROIDS	 RELAYED	 VIDEO	 BACK	 TO	 THE
DARK	 MASTER,	 IT	 WAS	 COMPLETELY	 SURROUNDED.	 HE	 CAREFULLY	 PLACED
THE	BOMB	DROIDS	INSIDE	THE	TEMPLE	AND	BOARDED	HIS	SHIP.	LEAVING	THE
PLANET,	HE	DETONATED	THE	BOMBS	KILLING	EVERYONE	INSIDE	AND	BRINGING
THE	SITH	TEMPLE	DOWN	TO	ASHES.
AS	HE	LEFT	THE	PLANET	HE	SENT	A	MESSAGE	TO	THE	REPUBLIC	DESTROYERS.

“SEND	 HELP	 RIGHT	 AWAY!	 THE	 SITH	 TEMPLE	 HAS	 BEEN	 DESTROYED	 AND	 IT
WAS	THE	WORK	OF	DARTH	BRUTICUS!	HURRY	FAST!	WE’RE…….”	THE	MESSAGE
WAS	CUT	OFF	AS	DARTH	TAVION	CLEARED	THE	PLANET’S	GRAVATIONAL	PULL
AND	WENT	INTO	HYPERSPACE.
GRAND	 JEDI	 MASTER	 DELPA	 GIVAL	 ENTERED	 HIS	 NEW	 OFFICE	 AFTER
ANNOUNCING	 TO	 THE	 SENATE	 OF	 THE	 NEW	 CHANCELLOR.	 IT	 WAS	 THE	 FIRST
TIME	 IN	 MANY	 YEARS	 THAT	 A	 JEDI	 HAD	 BEEN	 VOTED	 IN	 AS	 THE	 REPUBLIC’S
HEAD.	 SEACO	 BUROC	 AND	 JOHN	 SMITH	 ENTERED	 THE	 OFFICE,	 GREETED	 THE
JEDI	MASTER	AND	SAT	DOWN.	
“SO	 MY	 FRIEND,	 NOW	 THAT	 YOU	 ARE	 THE	 NEW	 CHANCELLOR,	 WE	 NEED	 TO
SUMMON	THE	REST	OF	THE	JEDI	TO	THE	TEMPLE	ON	NABOO.”	SEACO	SAID	AS
MASTER	 SMITH	 MADE	 THE	 MEN	 A	 DRINK.	 “I	 WILL	 BUT	 FIRST	 I	 HAVE	 A
PROMOTION	 TO	 GIVE.”	 GIVAL	 SAID	 AS	 HE	 WALKED	 OVER	 TO	 THE	 BEVERAGE
CART.
“MASTER	 SMITH,	 I	 WANT	 TO	 THANK	 YOU	 FOR	 ALL	 OF	 YOUR	 HELP,	 YOU	 PUT
YOUR	LIFE	ON	THE	LINE	TO	HELP	THE	JEDI	ESCAPE	THE	TEMPLE	FROM	ATTACK
AND	AS	THE	NEW	CHANCELLOR	OF	THE	REPUBLIC	AND	A	GRAND	MASTER	JEDI,
I	 PROMOTE	 YOU	 TO	 GRAND	 JEDI	 MASTER…FROM	 NOW	 ON,	 UNTIL	 TIME	 AND
TIMES	ARE	DONE,	YOU	WILL	BE	KNOWN	AS	GRAND	MASTER	JEDI	JOHN	SMITH.”
THE	NEW	GRAND	MASTER	BOWED	TO	THE	CHANCELLOR,	“THANK	YOU	GRAND
MASTERS.”	HE	SAID	AND	BOWED	TO	THE	TWO	OF	THEM.	
CHANCELLOR	 GIVAL	 WALKED	 OVER	 AND	 SAT	 DOWN	 AT	 HIS	 DESK.	 “OK	 NOW
LET’S	 GET	 DOWN	 TO	 BUSINESS.	 THIS	 BUILDING	 IS	 BIG	 ENOUGH	 TO	 HOLD
BETWEEN	 TWENTY	 AND	 FIFTY	 MILLION	 PEOPLE,	 SO	 I	 SUGGEST	 THAT	 WE
SUMMON	 THE	 JEDI	 HERE…AND	 WITHOUT	 ALERTING	 THE	 PUBLIC,	 SENATORS,
OR	THE	SITH.	LET’S	GO!”	
DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 LEFT	 THE	 ROOM	 AND	 MET	 WITH	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 IN	 THE
HALLWAY.	 “IT	 IS	 DONE,	 MY	 LORD,	 THE	 BETRAYALS	 HAVE	 BEGUN.”	 DARTH
LUCRATIS	 SAID	 AS	 THE	 TWO	 WALKED	 AROUND	 THE	 SHIP.	 WE	 NEED	 MORE
EXPENDABLE	BODIES	FOR	A	SPECIAL	MISSION	I	HAVE	BURNING	IN	MY	BRAIN.”
DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 SAID.	 “YES	 I	 CAN	 SEE	 THE	 SMOKE	 POURING	 OUT	 OF	 YOUR
EARS.”
LUCRATIS	 ADDED	 AS	 HE	 ENTERED	 HIS	 QUARTERS.	 THE	 GRAND	 MASTER	 SAT
DOWN	AT	A	TABLE	AND	STARTED	TYPING	ON	A	HOLOSCREEN.	A	PILOT	GOT	UP
FROM	 HIS	 SEAT,	 GRABBED	 A	 GUN	 AND	 WALKED	 THROUGHOUT	 THE	 SHIP.	 HE
MET	DARTH	LIATER	IN	THE	ENGINE	ROOM	AND	SHOT	HIM	IN	THE	BACK	OF	THE
HEAD	 AND	 PLACED	 A	 CHARGE	 AT	 THE	 REAR	 OF	 THE	 SHIP.	 HOLDING	 THE
DETONATOR	 IN	 ONE	 HAND	 AND	 PUSHING	 THE	 INTERCOM	 BUTTON	 WITH	 THE
OTHER,	 HE	 SAID	 THREE	 WORDS.	 “FOR	 THE	 REPUBLIC!”	 HE	 PUSHED	 THE
BUTTON,	 EXPLODING	 THE	 BOMB,	 BLASTING	 THE	 PILOT’S	 BODY	 INTO	 A
MANGLED	 MESS	 AND	 SUCKING	 IT	 INTO	 OUTER	 SPACE.	 THE	 SHIP	 TOSSED	 AND

TURNED	AS	DARTH	BRUTICUS	RAN	TO	AN	ESCAPE	POD.	DARTH	LUCRATIS	LEFT
HIS	 ROOM	 AFTER	 BEING	 TOSSED	 AROUND,	 HE	 USED	 THE	 FORCE	 AND
STABILIZED	THE	SHIP,
DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 PUT	 A	 FORCE	 FIELD	 AROUND	 THE	 SHIP	 AND	 YELLED	 INTO
THE	 INTERCOM.	 “HURRY	 UP	 LUCRATIS!	 I	 CAN’T	 HOLD	 THIS	 FOREVER!”	 THE
DARK	 LORD	 GOT	 UP	 AND	 RAN	 TO	 THE	 SHIP’S	 POD,	 GOT	 INSIDE,	 SHUT	 THE
DOOR,	 AND	 LAUNCHED	 THE	 POD	 JUST	 AS	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 LET	 GO	 OF	 THE
FORCE	 FIELD,	 THE	 TWO	 OF	 THEM	 SAT	 DOWN	 AND	 LOOKED	 OUT	 OF	 THE
WINDOW,	THE	SHIP	WAS	DECOMPRESSING	AND	CRUSHED	ITSELF,	LEAVING	THE
TWO	 SITH	 LORDS	 ALONE	 IN	 SPACE.	 “SO	 WHERE	 ARE	 WE?”	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS
ASKED	LOOKING	AT	A	HOLOSCREEN.
DARTH	BRUTICUS	RUBBED	HIS	EYES	AND	POINTED	OUT	OF	THE	WINDOW.	“SEE
THAT	 BRIGHT	 SPECKLE	 OUT	 THERE?”	 HE	 ASKED.	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 LOOKED,
AND	 LOOKED,	 AND	 LOOKED.	 HE	 LOOKED	 BACK	 AT	 HIS	 FRIEND	 THEN	 OUTSIDE
AGAIN.	“WELL	THERE	ARE	ALOT	OF	BRIGHT	SPECKLES	OUT	THERE,	BUT	I	DON’T
SEE	 THE	 ONE	 THAT	 YOU	 ARE	 POINTING	 TO.’	 HE	 SAID	 LOOKING	 OUT	 OF	 THE
WINDOW	 AGAIN.	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 LEANED	 OVER	 AND	 GRABBED	 THE
CONTROLS,	 TURNING	 THE	 POD	 AROUND,	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 COULD	 SEE	 THE
BLUE	GLOW	OF	A	DISTANT	PLANET.	“IT	LOOKS	LIKE	KAMINO.”	DARTH	BRUTICUS
SAT	BACK	IN	HIS	SEAT	RUBBING	HIS	EYES	AGAIN.
“IT	 IS	 KAMINO	 MY	 FRIEND.”	 HE	 SAID	 AS	 THE	 POD	 FLEW	 TO	 THE	 PLANET.
“MAYBE	 THE	 CLONERS	 STILL	 EXIST,	 WE	 CAN	 GET	 A	 SHIP	 AND	 GO	 TO	 BYSS.”
DARTH	LUCRATIS	SAID	GRABBING	HIS	LIGHTSABER	HILT	AND	LOOKING	IT	OVER.
“THAT	 WAS	 A	 MILLION	 YEARS	 AGO,	 I	 DON’T	 THINK	 THAT	 THEY	 ARE	 STILL
THERE,	 BUT	 IT	 LOOKS	 LIKE	 WE	 WILL	 FIND	 OUT.”	 HE	 SAID	 AS	 THE	 POD	 GOT
CLOSER	AND	CLOSER	TO	THE	PLANET.
IT	WAS	RAINING	ON	CORUSCANT,	FOR	MONTHS	AND	MONTHS	IT	DID	NOTHING
BUT	 RAIN.	 THE	 JEDI	 TEMPLE	 HAD	 BEEN	 COMPLETELY	 ABANDONED	 FOR
ALMOST	A	YEAR	AND	GRAND	JEDI	MASTER	SEACO	BUROC	HAD	DISAPPEARED.
THE	REPUBLIC	HAD	PASSED	A	LAW	THAT	ANYONE	CAUGHT	NEAR	OR	EVEN	AS
MUCH	 AS	 FLYING	 AROUND	 THE	 BUILDING	 WOULD	 BE	 JAILED,VALUING	 THEIR
FREEDOM,	THE	CITIZENS	AVOIDED	THAT	PLACE.	A	FIVE	THOUSAND	FOOT	TALL
FORCE	 FIELD	 WALL	 SURROUNDED	 THE	 DESTROYED	 TEMPLE.	 LAZER	 CANNONS
WERE	POSITIONED	AT	KEY	POINTS	ALONG	WITH	THE	REPUBLIC’S	FINEST	ARMY
PATROLLING	 THE	 PERIMETER,	 BUT	 THAT	 WAS	 NOT	 ENOUGH.	 THE	 CONSTANT
RAIN	WAS	WEAKENING	THE	WALL	AND	FROM	TIME	TO	TIME	IT	WOULD	SHUT
OFF.	 A	 SOLDIER	 WALKED	 BY	 AS	 A	 HOODED	 FIGURE	 APPROACHED	 THE	 WALL,
HIDING	 IN	 THE	 SHADOWS,	 HE	 WAITED	 FOR	 THE	 WALL	 TO	 FAIL,	 A	 FEW
MOMENTS	 LATER,	 IT	 DID.	 THE	 FIGURE	 CASUALLY	 WALKED	 THROUGH	 AND	 UP
THE	 STEPS	 TO	 THE	 TEMPLE.	 INSIDE	 IT	 WAS	 AS	 HE	 THOUGHT,	 NOTHING
REMAINED,	 THE	 COLORFUL	 BANNERS	 THAT	 HUNG	 FROM	 THE	 TOWERING
CEILINGS	WERE	RIPPED	AND	TORN	DOWN,

THE	 BROWN	 ETCHED	 PILLARS	 WERE	 EITHER	 BROKEN	 OR	 BLOWN	 AWAY.	 THE
LIBRARY	HAD	BEEN	COMPLETELY	GUTTED,	EVERYTHING	INSIDE	WAS	TAKEN	BY
THE	REPUBLIC	AND	STORED	ELSEWHERE.	NO	ONE	LIVED	HERE	ANYMORE,	THE
SLEEP	 QUARTERS	 WERE	 EMPTY,	 EXCEPT	 A	 FEW	 RODENTS	 LOOKING	 FOR	 THE
OCCASIONAL	 GARBAGE	 TO	 EAT	 FROM.	 THE	 FIGURE	 WALKED	 ALL	 OVER	 THE
TEMPLE	 AND	 FOUND	 NOTHING,	 NOTHING	 BUT	 THE	 BODY	 OF	 A	 DEAD	 SITH
LORD	 AND	 THE	 SMELL	 OF	 CARTORIZED	 FLESH,	 THE	 FIGURE	 LOOKED	 AROUND
THE	 AREA	 AND	 SAW	 THAT	 THERE	 WAS	 A	 GREAT	 BATTLE,	 JEDI	 VERSES	 SITH,
GOOD	AGAINST	EVIL	AND	THE	EVIL	HAD	BEEN	KILLED.	HE	SLOWLY	STROLLED
AROUND	THE	ROOM	SCANNING	THE	FLOOR,	STAIRS	AND	WALLS.
THERE	 WERE	 TWO	 OF	 THEM,	 LIGHTSABER	 AGAINST	 LIGHTSABER,	 THE	 JEDI
STOOD	ON	THE	SECOND	FLOOR	WAITING	AS	THE	SITH	WAITED	IN	THE	GREAT
HALL,	 BUT	 WAITING	 FOR	 WHAT?	 AS	 THE	 FIGURE	 RESEARCHED	 FURTHER	 AND
WALKED	THE	FLOOR	OF	THE	GRAND	HALLWAY	THERE	WERE	SOLDIERS	IN	THE
TEMPLE	 AND	 HE	 WAS	 SEEN!	 STANDING	 STILL	 HE	 GRABBED	 A	 HOLOSCREEN
AND	STARTED	TAKING	NOTES	AS	A	SOLDIER’S	LIGHT	SHONE	ON	HIM.	“STOP!”
THE	SOLDIER	SAID	AS	THE	FIGURE	FROZE.
A	SQUAD	OF	TROOPS	SURROUNDED	HIM	AS	THE	SARGENT	APPROACHED	AND
SPOKE,	 ”	 YOU	 ARE	 NOT	 TO	 BE	 IN	 HERE	 SIR,	 YOU	 ARE	 UNDER	 ARREST.”	 THE
MAN	 HELD	 UP	 HIS	 HAND	 AND	 SPOKE,	 “WAIT,	 MY	 NAME	 IS	 ARLEN	 TOESNAP,	 I
WAS	 SENT	 HERE	 BY	 THE	 CHANCELLOR	 TO	 LOOK	 OVER	 THE	 DAMAGE	 AND
REPORT	BACK	TO	HIM.”	HE	SAID	AS	THE	TROOPS	BACKED	AWAY	A	LITTLE.	THE
SARGENT	 WENT	 TO	 GRAB	 HIS	 COMLINK	 AND	 THE	 MAN	 GRABBED	 A	 SHINY
CYLINDER	 FROM	 HIS	 CLOAK,	 TURNED	 IT	 ON	 AND	 A	 RED	 BLADE	 APPEARED
FROM	 THE	 END,	 HE	 QUICKLY	 SPUN	 AROUND	 SWINGING	 THE	 SABER	 AND	 CUT
HIS	 FELLOW	 TROOPERS	 IN	 HALF!	 HE	 STOOD	 IN	 FRONT	 OF	 THE	 MAN	 AS	 HE
HELD	 THE	 SABER	 IN	 FRONT	 OF	 HIS	 FACE,	 THE	 SARGENT	 WAS	 DEAD	 AND	 HE
KNEW	IT.
“YOU	MIGHT	AS	WELL	KILL	ME,	I	CANNOT	MOVE	FASTER	THAN	YOU	AND	YOU
ARE	 ARMED	 AND	 I	 AM	 NOT.”	 HE	 SAID	 AS	 THE	 MAN	 USED	 THE	 FORCE	 AND
GRABBED	 A	 WEAPON.	 PUTTING	 THE	 BLASTER	 IN	 THE	 TROOPER’S	 HAND.
“THERE,	 NOW	 YOU	 ARE	 ARMED….SHOOT	 ME!”	 HE	 SAID	 AND	 BACKED	 AWAY.
THE	 TROOPER	 WASN’T	 STUPID,	 HE	 DROPPED	 THE	 GUN	 ON	 THE	 FLOOR	 AND
SAID,	“I	AM	NOT	DUMB,	AS	SOON	AS	I	SHOOT,	YOU	WILL	DEFLECT	THE	SHOTS
BACK	 TO	 MY	 BODY	 AND	 KILL	 ME,	 BUT	 IF	 I	 DON’T	 REPORT	 BACK	 IN	 A	 LITTLE
WHILE	 THE	 ENTIRE	 REPUBLIC	 ARMY	 WILL	 STORM	 IN	 HERE	 AND	 YOU	 WILL	 BE
DEAD.”	THE	MAN	TURNED	HIS	SABER	OFF	AND	PUT	IT	AWAY.
“WHAT	 DO	 YOU	 SUGGEST?”	 HE	 ASKED	 STANDING	 IN	 FRONT	 OF	 THE	 SOLDIER
WITH	HIS	ARMS	FOLDED.	“LET	ME	REPORT	BACK	TO	THE	GENERAL,	I	WILL	SAY
NOTHING	ABOUT	WHAT	HAS	HAPPENED,	YOU	CAN	GO	ABOUT	YOUR	BUSINESS
AND	 THE	 SOLDIERS	 WON’T	 BE	 DISCOVERED	 UNTIL	 TOMORROW	 MORNING
WHEN	 THE	 NEXT	 SQUADS	 REPORT	 FOR	 DUTY.	 I’LL	 SAY	 THAT	 THEY	 WERE

ATTACKED	AND	KILLED	BY	AN	UNKNOWN	FORCE	AND	THAT	WILL	BE	THAT.	THE
REPUBLIC	 WON’T	 INVESTIGATE	 ANY	 FURTHER	 WITHOUT	 THE	 JEDI	 AROUND
THIS	 HAUNTED	 TEMPLE	 AND	 WE’LL	 BOTH	 BE	 IN	 THE	 CLEAR.”	 THE	 MAN
NODDED	 AND	 WAVED	 HIS	 HAND	 IN	 FRONT	 OF	 THE	 TROOPER’S	 FACE	 AND
WHISPERED	 A	 FEW	 WORDS.	 “YES	 I	 WILL	 SIR.”	 HE	 SAID	 AND	 WALKED	 AWAY,
DROPPING	HIS	COMLINK	AND	WALKING	OUT	OF	THE	DOOR	AS	THE	MAN	USED
THE	FORCE	AND	SEALED	THE	ENTRANCES.
“NOW	BACK	TO	WORK.”	HE	SAID	SCANNING	THE	ROOM	ONCE	AGAIN.	AFTER	HE
DISCOVERED	THE	BODY	AND	STARTED	WORK	ON	THE	FALLEN	SITH	LORD.	THE
MAN	PICKED	THE	SITH	UP	AND	CARRIED	HIM	TO	THE	INFIRMARY,	LAYING	HIM
DOWN	ON	THE	FLOOR,	HE	BEGAN	TO	REPAIR	THE	LIGHTING	SYSTEM	AND	THE
BACTA	TANK.
HOURS	 AND	 HOURS	 HAD	 PASSED	 BUT	 THE	 MAN	 KEPT	 WORKING	 STOPPING
ONLY	 TO	 REST	 FOR	 A	 FEW	 MINUTES	 AND	 THEN	 BACK	 TO	 WORK	 AGAIN.	 THE
SOLDIER	 THAT	 HE	 LET	 GO	 HAD	 RETURNED	 WITH	 SOME	 SUPPLIES	 AND
RETURNED	AGAIN	WITH	MORE.	A	DAY	HAD	PASSED	AND	THE	MAN	WAS	READY.
HE	TURNED	THE	BACTA	TANK	ON	AND	PLACED	THE	FALLEN	SITH	LORD	INTO	IT.
EVEN	IN	DEATH	THE	BACTA	WOULD	STILL	HEAL	AND	THAT	WOULD	BE	EASIER
TO	DO	SO	NOW	THAN	TO	WAIT	AND	PUT	HIM	IN	AFTER	HE	IS	RESUSCITATED.
THE	 SARGENT	 STOOD	 NEARBY	 AND	 WATCHED	 THE	 MAN	 WORK,	 HE	 PUT
TOGETHER	A	HOMEMADE	STOVE	AND	BEGAN	TO	COOK	A	STEW.	“IT	WILL	TAKE
A	FEW	HOURS	FOR	HIM	TO	HEAL	COMPLETELY,	AND	THEN	I	CAN	BEGIN,	WHEN
I	DO	YOU	WILL	HAVE	TO	LEAVE.	THE	POWER	OF	THE	DARK	SIDE	MAGIC	THAT	I
PRACTICE	 WILL	 KILL	 YOU,	 AND	 I’M	 NOT	 DONE	 WITH	 YOU	 YET.”	 THE	 SOLDIER
STOOD	UP	AND	SALUTED,	“YES	SIR!”	HE	REPLIED	AND	TENDED	TO	THE	FOOD.
DARTH	TABAH	AND	LORD	SCIN	WERE	TRAVELLING	TO	THE	UNKNOWN	REGIONS
TO	UNITE	THE	SCATTERED	SITH	ARMIES	AND	DESTROY	THE	JEDI.	DARTH	TABAH
WAS	AT	THE	CONTROLS	OF	THE	SHIP	AS	HIS	FRIEND	WAS	ADMIRING	THE	VIEW.
“YOU	SEE	MY	FRIEND,	DARTH	BRUTICUS	HAS	NO	IDEA	THAT	THE	SITH	EXIST	IN
OTHER	PARTS	OF	THE	GALAXY,	HE	IS	THINKING	LIKE	THE	NARROWMINDED	JEDI
AND	THAT	WILL	BE	HIS	DOWNFALL.	
HE	IS	A	GOOD	MAN,	HAS	A	GREAT	MIND	AND	IS	AN	EXCELLENT	WARRIOR,	BUT
HIS	 GREEDY	 HEART	 IS	 GOING	 TO	 KILL	 HIM.	 LORD	 SCIN	 HEARD	 A	 BEEPING
SOUND	 COMING	 FROM	 THE	 SPACE	 MAP	 HOLOSCREEN.	 “HMMMM…I	 WONDER
WHAT	THIS	IS.”	HE	SAID	LOOKING	AT	THE	SCREEN.	“IT’S	A	SIGNAL	FROM	DARTH
BRUTICUS	 ON	 KAMINO,	 HE	 PROBABLY	 GOT	 STRANDED	 AND	 IS	 WANTING	 A
SLAVE	 TO	 GET	 HIM	 OUT.	 I’LL	 CONTACT	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 AND	 HAVE	 THEM	 SEND
OUT	A	FEW	SHIPS	FOR	HIS	CAPTURE.”	LORD	SCIN	SAID	AS	HE	CONTACTED	THE
REPUBLIC	NAVY	AND	GAVE	THEM	THE	INFORMATION.	
“THANK	 YOU	 SIR!”	 THE	 MAJOR	 SAID,	 ”	 WE	 HAVE	 FIVE	 CRUISERS	 AND
DESTROYERS	THAT	JUST	LEFT	TATOOINE	AND	WAS	ENROUTE	TO	RISHI,	WHICH

IS	 NOT	 FAR	 FROM	 KAMINO,	 AGAIN	 THANK	 YOU	 SIR	 FOR	 THE	 INFORMATION!”
HE	 SAID	 AS	 THE	 COMLINK	 CHANNEL	 SHUT	 OFF	 AND	 LORD	 SCIN	 STROLLED
OVER	TO	HIS	SEAT	AND	SAT	DOWN	PROPPING	HIS	FEET	UP	ON	THE	CONTROL
PANELS	 AS	 DARTH	 TABAH	 LOOKED	 OVER	 AT	 HIM,	 “I	 TAKE	 IT	 THAT	 YOU	 GOT
YOUR	REVENGE	MY	FRIEND?”	HE	ASKED	WATCHING	HIS	FRIEND	SHOW	AN	EVIL
SMILE	AND	GROWLING,	“HA	HA	HA	YOU	SITH	BANTHA	HUTT	LOVER,	I’M	GOING
TO	 EAT,	 YOU	 WANT	 ANYTHING?”	 HE	 ASKED	 AS	 HE	 STARTED	 TO	 GLOAT	 AND
BOUNCE	AROUND	AS	HE	WAITED	FOR	DARTH	TABAH’S	ANSWER.
“UH…NO,	 I’M	 FINE…BUT	 YOU	 GO	 AHEAD	 AND	 I’LL	 KEEP	 FLYING.”	 HE
ANSWERED.	 “YOU’LL	 KEEP	 FLYING?	 WE’RE	 IN	 HYPERSPACE,	 YOU	 FOOL,	 YOU
NEED	TO	STOP	SMOKING	THAT	BANTHA	POODOO	STUFF	AND	WAKE	UP.”	LORD
SCIN	 SAID	 AS	 HE	 WALKED	 TO	 THE	 CAFETERIA.	 “WHAT	 A	 COMPLETE
WORTHLESS	IDIOT,	HE	HAS	NO	IDEA	WHAT	IS	ABOUT	TO	HAPPEN.”	HE	SPOKE
INTO	 A	 COMLINK.	 “I	 KNOW	 MY	 FRIEND,	 BE	 CAREFUL	 HE	 WILL	 BE	 LISTENING
SOON	 AND	 DID	 YOU	 CONTACT	 MZ-12?”	 THE	 VOICE	 ASKED.	 LORD	 SCIN
ENTERED	 THE	 FOOD	 PREPARATION	 AREA	 AND	 BEGAN	 TO	 FIX	 SOMETHING	 TO
EAT.	“NO,	I	CONTACTED	THE	REPUBLIC	NAVY	AND	THEY	ARE	ON	THEIR	WAY	TO
ARREST	YOU.”	HE	SAID	AS	DARTH	TABAH	USED	THE	FORCE	AND	COULD	HEAR
EVERY	 WORD	 THAT	 LORD	 SCIN	 WAS	 SAYING.	 “GEE	 THANKS	 FOR	 CONTACTING
THE	REPUBLIC	TO	GIVE	US	A	FREE	RIDE,	WHEN	YOU	GET	STRANDED,	I’LL	MAKE
SURE	TO	CALL	THE	REPUBLIC	NAVY	FOR	AN	INTERCEPT.”
DARTH	BRUTICUS	SAID	AND	ENDED	THE	TRANSMISSION.	LORD	SCIN	SAT	DOWN
AND	 STARTED	 TO	 EAT	 WHEN	 DARTH	 TABAH	 RAN	 INTO	 THE	 ROOM	 WITH	 HIS
LIGHTSABER	 DRAWN	 AND	 SLICED	 THROUGH	 THE	 TABLE	 IN	 FRONT	 OF	 THE
DARK	 LORD,	 SPILLING	 THE	 FOOD	 INTO	 HIS	 LAP	 AND	 BURNING	 HIS	 LEGS,	 HE
STOOD	 UP	 AND	 YELLED,	 “GREAT!	 NOW	 THAT’S	 THE	 WAY	 I	 LOVE	 TO	 FIGHT!”
LORD	 SCIN	 YELLED	 OUT	 AS	 THE	 ANGERED	 SITH	 LORD	 HOPPED	 OVER	 THE
SLICED	 TABLE	 AND	 FELL	 OVER	 A	 GROUP	 OF	 CHAIRS.	 “WELL	 YOU	 MOVE
AROUND	 VERY	 WELL	 FOR	 A	 YOUNG	 SITH	 LORD	 THAT	 CAN’T	 FIGHT	 HIS	 WAY
OUT	OF	A	WET	PAPER	BAG!”
HE	SAID	EGGING	HIM	ON	AND	TRYING	TO	CLEAR	THE	CHAIRS	OUT	OF	THE	WAY.
DARTH	TABAH	WAS	AT	LORD	SCIN’S	FEET	WITH	HIS	LIGHTSABER	IN	HAND	AND
TRIED	 TO	 SWING	 AT	 SCIN’S	 LEGS	 BUT	 MISSED	 AS	 LORD	 SCIN	 FORCE	 JUMPED
AND	 FORCE	 PUSHED	 HIM	 INTO	 THE	 WALL,	 TRAPING	 THE	 SITH	 LORD	 AND
DROPPING	HIS	LIGHTSABER,	LORD	SCIN	USED	THE	FORCE	AND	COLLAPSED	THE
WALL,	 WRAPPING	 IT	 AROUND	 THE	 YOUNG	 SITH	 LORD	 LIKE	 A	 BLANKET	 AND
DROPPING	 HIM	 ON	 THE	 FLOOR.	 “NOW	 I	 HAVE	 YOU!”	 LORD	 SCIN	 SAID	 AS	 THE
SHIP	SUDDENLY	JOLTED!	“WELL,	WELL,	WELL,	LOOK	WHAT	WE	HAVE	HERE!
A	SHIP	CRUISING	IN	THE	MIDDLE	OF	NOWHERE,	AND	LOOK	WHO	THE	CAPTAIN
IS…OUR	LONG	LOST	SITH	LORD	DARTH	TABAH.”	DARTH	BRUTICUS	SAID	AS	HE
WENT	TO	SEE	WHERE	THEY	WERE	GOING.	“HOW	DID	YOU	GET	THE	SHIP	OUT
OF	 HYPERSPACE?	 HOW	 DID	 YOU	 ESCAPE	 THE	 GRASP	 OF	 THE	 REPUBLIC?”

TABAH	ASKED.	“DARTH	LUCRATIS	SAT	DOWN	IN	FRONT	OF	THE	CAPTURED	SITH
AND	SPOKE,	“SO	MANY	QUESTIONS,	YOUNG	ONE,	CALM	DOWN	AND	LET	YOUR
MIND	REST.	THERE	WILL	BE	PLENTY	OF	TIME	LATER	TO	ANSWER	ALL	OF	YOUR
QUESTIONS,	 LORD	 TABAH,	 BY	 THEN	 EVERYTHING	 WILL	 BE	 MADE	 CLEAR	 TO
YOU!”	DARTH	LUCRATIS	GOT	UP	AS	A	SQUAD	OF	REPUBLIC	TROOPS	ENTERED
THE	SHIP	AND	GRABBED	THE	WRAPPED	UP	SITH	LORD	AND	TOOK	HIM	AWAY.
“REMEMBER,	KEEP	HIM	UNDER	CLOSE	GUARD	COMMANDER.”	DARTH	LUCRATIS
SAID	AS	THE	TROOPS	TOOK	THE	SITH	LORD	AWAY	TO	THE	REPUBLIC	CRUISER
AND	PLACED	HIM	IN	A	FORCE	PROOF	CELL.	
DARTH	TABAH	WAS	TAKEN	TO	CORUSCANT	WHERE	HE	WAS	IMPRISONED	IN	A
UNDISCLOSED	 LOCATION	 AND	 QUESTIONED	 BY	 THE	 JEDI.	 HE	 COULDN’T
BELIEVE	 THAT	 THOSE	 SITH	 TRAITORS	 ACTUALLY	 TURNED	 HIM	 IN	 TO	 THE
REPUBLIC,	HE	WOULD	GET	OUT	AND	THEN	THEY	ALL	WOULD	BE	DEAD.	A	JEDI
GRAND	 MASTER	 ENTERED	 THE	 ROOM	 BRINGING	 HIM	 SOME	 FOOD	 AND	 SAT
DOWN	 AT	 THE	 TABLE	 IN	 FRONT	 OF	 HIM.	 AT	 LEAST	 THE	 WORTHLESS	 FORCE
USERS	FED	THEIR	PRISONERS,	AND	FED	THEM	WELL!	“SO,	IS	THERE	ANYTHING
THAT	YOU	WOULD	LIKE	TO	TELL	ME?
ANYTHING	AT	ALL?”	THE	JEDI	ASKED.	DARTH	TABAH	DID	NOTHING	BUT	STARE
AT	THE	WALL	AND	IGNORE	THE	JEDI,	HE	SAT	UP,	LOOKED	AT	THE	JEDI	IN	THE
EYES	 AND	 FORCE	 SPOKE.	 “YOU	 WILL	 UNLOCK	 THESE	 BONDS,	 GIVE	 ME	 YOUR
LIGHTSABER	 AND	 LET	 ME	 GO!”	 THE	 JEDI	 STOOD	 UP	 AND	 WALKED	 TO	 THE
DOOR	 OPENING	 IT	 AND	 WALKED	 BEHIND	 THE	 DARK	 LORD,	 AND	 FUMBLED
WITH	 THE	 LOCK	 ON	 HIS	 BONDS.	 “YOU’LL	 HAVE	 TO	 DO	 BETTER	 THAN	 THAT,
SITH.”	HE	SAID	AND	LEFT	THE	ROOM.	“ENJOY	YOUR	MEAL.”	HE	SAID	SHUTTING
THE	 DOOR	 AND	 WALKING	 AWAY.	 THE	 DARK	 MASTER	 INSPECTED	 THE	 FOOD
CAREFULLY	 BEFORE	 EATING	 IT	 BUT	 DIDN’T	 TOUCH	 THE	 DRINK,	 IT	 WAS
POISONED	AS	USUAL.	“YOU	JEDI	THINK	THAT	I	WAS	BORN	YESTERDAY	OR	THE
DAY	BEFORE	YESTERDAY…BUT	SOON	I’LL	BE	OUT	OF	HERE,	AND	YOU	ALL	WILL
BE	DEAD!	I	PROMISE	THAT!”	HE	SAID	EATING	THE	FOOD.	
GRAND	 JEDI	 GIVAL,	 BUROC	 AND	 SMITH	 ARRIVED	 AT	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 NAVY
PRISON	 ON	 CORUSCANT	 AND	 PREPARED	 TO	 QUESTION	 THE	 CAPTURED	 SITH
LORD.	 “I’VE	 NEVER	 SPOKE	 TO	 A	 SITH,	 HELL	 BEFORE	 YOU	 ALL	 SHOWED	 UP,	 I
NEVER	HEARD	OR	THE	SITH	OR	EVEN	FOUGHT	IN	A	WAR.”	MASTER	SMITH	SAID
AS	 THE	 OTHER	 TWO	 JEDI	 SMILED	 AND	 NODDED	 IN	 AGREEMENT	 TO	 THE
YOUNGER	GRAND	MASTER.	“STAY	HERE	JOHN	AND	WE	WILL	QUESTION	HIM.”
GIVAL	SAID	ENTERING	THE	ROOM	AS	SEACO	BUROC	PATTED	THE	MASTER	ON
THE	BACK.
“GO	AND	SEE	THE	SIGHTS,	WE’LL	FIND	YOU	WHEN	WE’RE	DONE.”	HE	SAID	AND
HE	ENTERED	THE	ROOM	BEHIND	THE	NEW	CHANCELLOR.	THE	YOUNG	GRAND
JEDI	 SHRUGGED	 HIS	 SHOULDERS	 AS	 TWO	 SOLDIERS	 ARRIVED	 AND	 GUARDED

THE	 DOOR.	 THE	 YOUNG	 MASTER	 LEFT	 THE	 TROOPS	 TO	 THEIR	 JOB	 AND
STARTED	WALKING	AROUND	LOOKING	AT	THE	NEWLY	REDECORATED	PRISON,
IT	 HAD	 BEEN	 REPAINTED	 IN	 RED	 INSTEAD	 OF	 BLUE	 AND	 LOOKED	 TERRIBLE.
WHO	 OR	 WHATEVER	 COVERED	 IT	 HAD	 NO	 IDEA	 ON	 HOW	 TO	 DO	 IT’S	 JOB.
WALKING	 BY	 A	 JANITOR,	 HE	 SAID,	 “GEEZ,	 THIS	 LOOKS	 LIKE	 CRAP,	 WHOEVER
DID	THIS	SHOULD	BE	SHOT.”	THE	JANITOR	STOPPED	WALKING	AND	TURNED	TO
THE	JEDI	GRAND	MASTER,	
“MASTER	 JEDI,	 DO	 I	 COMPLAIN	 TO	 YOU	 ABOUT	 YOUR	 WORK?”	 HE	 ASKED	 AS
MASTER	SMITH	LOOKED	OVER	AT	THE	MAN	AND	SAID,	“YOU	COULDN’T	DO	MY
WORK	 AND	 IF	 YOU	 DID	 I	 HOPE	 IT	 WOULD	 LOOK	 BETTER	 THAN	 YOUR	 PAINT
JOB.	 HELL	 IT	 LOOKS	 LIKE	 YOU	 WERE	 SMOKING	 SOMETHING.	 WERE	 YOU
TRAINED	AT	YOUR	JOB	AT	GUNPOINT?”
HE	 ASKED	 AS	 HE	 TURNED	 HIS	 BACK	 AND	 STARTED	 TO	 WALK	 AWAY.	 THE
JANITOR	 GOT	 MAD	 AND	 PULLED	 A	 BLASTER	 FROM	 HIS	 HOLSTER	 AS	 MASTER
SMITH	 STROLLED	 SLOWLY	 AWAY	 GAZING	 AT	 THE	 NEWLY	 HUNG	 TAPESTRIES
AND	BANNERS.	HE	STOPPED	IN	HIS	TRACKS	AS	THE	JANITOR	GOT	CLOSER	AND
CLOSER	 TO	 HIS	 TARGET.	 MASTER	 SMITH	 SAW	 A	 SMALL	 GROUP	 OF	 CHILDREN
NEARBY	 AND	 WAVED	 TO	 THEM	 AS	 THE	 MAN	 RAISED	 THE	 BLASTER	 TO	 THE
BACK	 OF	 HIS	 TARGET’S	 HEAD.	 THE	 JEDI	 GRABBED	 HIS	 SABER,	 TURNED	 IT	 ON
AND	SPUN	AROUND	BEHIND	HIM	CUTTING	OFF	THE	JANITOR’S	ARM,	DROPPING
IT	 AND	 THE	 MAN	 TO	 THE	 FLOOR.	 THE	 JEDI	 STOOD	 OVER	 THE	 JANITOR	 WITH
HIS	LIGHTSABER	STILL	TURNED	ON	AS	THE	MAN	SLOWLY	CRAWLED	AWAY.
“SO,	WHY	WOULD	A	JANITOR	BE	CARRYING	A	BLASTER?	WHY	WOULD	A	MAN
LIKE	YOU	BE	TRYING	TO	KILL	A	JEDI?”	HE	ASKED	TURNING	OFF	THE	WEAPON
AND	CLIPPING	IT	TO	HIS	BELT.	HE	LEANED	OVER	AND	PICKED	THE	MAN	UP	OFF
OF	THE	FLOOR	AS	THREE	TROOPS	RAN	OVER	TO	HIS	LOCATION	AND	ESCORTED
THE	MAN	TO	THE	INFIRMARY,	ALONG	WITH	HIS	SEVERED	ARM.	
“OK,	 WE	 FED	 YOU,	 CLOTHED	 YOU,	 AND	 LET	 YOU	 CLEAN	 YOURSELF	 UP.”	 THE
NEW	CHANCELLOR	GIVAL	SAID	AS	A	TROOPER	ENTERED	THE	ROOM	AND	SAID,
”	 I’M	 VERY	 SORRY	 TO	 BOTHER	 YOU	 MASTERS,	 BUT	 MASTER	 SMITH	 HAS	 BEEN
ATTACKED	AND	IS	SEVERLY	WOUNDED,	THEY	NEED	YOU	IN	THE	INFIRMARY	AS
SOON	 AS	 POSSIBLE!”	 SEACO	 BUROC	 ROSE	 FROM	 HIS	 SEAT	 AND	 WALKED
THROUGH	 THE	 DOOR	 SLOWLY	 LOOKING	 TO	 HIS	 LEFT	 AND	 RIGHT	 AT	 THE
GUARDS,	 USING	 THE	 FORCE	 HE	 GOT	 INTO	 THEIR	 MINDS	 AND	 READ
EVERYTHING,	NOTHING	WAS	OUT	OF	PLACE	EXCEPT	THE	GUARDS.	THE	TWO	OF
THEM	WERE	TO	ONLY	HAVE	PIKES,	NOT	LIGHTSABERS.	
THE	 GRAND	 JEDI	 TURNED	 TO	 THE	 GUARDS.	 “I	 DIDN’T	 KNOW	 THAT	 THE
CHANCELLOR’S	 GUARDS	 CARRIED	 LIGHTSABERS,	 WHERE	 DID	 THEY	 COME
FROM?”	HE	ASKED	AS	THE	GARDS	TURNED	THEM	ON	AND	ENGAGED	THE	JEDI.
THE	GUARD	INSIDE	TURNED	TWO	GREEN	LIGHTSABERS	ON	AND	ATTACKED	THE
CHANCELLOR,	SWINGING	DOWN	AS	GIVAL	HOPPED	OUT	OF	THE	CHAIR	JUST	AS

THE	 GUARD	 CUT	 THROUGH	 IT	 AND	 THE	 TABLE.	 HE	 PARTED	 THE	 TABLE	 AND
CUT	 THROUGH	 THE	 CORD	 THAT	 CONNECTED	 TO	 A	 FORCE	 CROWN	 THAT	 WAS
AROUND	THE	HEAD	OF	DARTH	TABAH,	KEEPING	HIM	FROM	USING	THE	FORCE.
HE	 JUMPED	 FROM	 HIS	 SEAT	 AND	 FORCE	 PUSHED	 THE	 DOOR	 INTO	 SEACO
BUROC	KNOCKING	HIM	OUT	AND	USING	FORCE	LIGHTNING,	HE	FRIED	THE	TWO
GUARDS	IN	THEIR	TRACKS	AS	MASTER	SMITH	RAN	TO	HIS	FRIEND’S	AID.
TURNING	 HIS	 LIGHTSABER	 ON,	 THE	 JEDI	 FORCE	 RAN	 ACROSS	 THE	 BUILDING.
THE	SITH	LORD’S	ATTACK	GOT	STRONGER	AND	STRONGER	AS	THE	LIGHTNING
WAS	 STARTING	 TO	 STREAK	 AWAY	 FROM	 HIS	 TARGETS	 AND	 INTO	 OTHER
INNOCENT	 PEOPLE	 THAT	 WERE	 STANDING	 AROUND	 WATCHING	 THE	 SITH
ESCAPE.	THE	LIGHTNING	WAS	GETTING	BRIGHTER	AND	BRIGHTER	AS	THE	SITH
MAINTAINED	 HIS	 ATTACK	 AT	 THE	 TWO	 TARGETS,	 PEOPLE	 STARTED	 TURNING
THEIR	 HEADS	 AWAY	 DUE	 TO	 THE	 EXTREME	 BRIGHT	 LIGHT,	 HIS	 ESCAPE	 WAS
COMPLETE.	 THE	 JEDI	 GOT	 CLOSER	 AND	 CLOSER	 AS	 DARTH	 TABAH	 STARTED
TALKING	TO	HIMSELF.	“COME	ON	JEDI,	COME	CLOSER…COME	ON…COME	ON!”
HE	 SAID	 AS	 THE	 JEDI	 GOT	 WITHIN	 RANGE	 OF	 HIS	 ATTACK,	 THE	 SITH	 FORCE
PUSHED	 THE	 BODIES	 TOWARD	 MASTER	 SMITH	 AND	 LET	 THEM	 GO	 OF	 THE
LIGHTNING	 AND	 RUNNING	 AWAY	 AS	 THE	 GUARDS	 ELECTRICAL	 BODIES
EXPLODED	IN	THE	JEDI’S	FACE	AND	SHOWERED	HIM	AND	SEACO	BUROC	WITH
BITS	 AND	 PIECES	 OF	 BURNT	 BODY	 PARTS.	 WHEN	 MASTER	 SMITH	 WOKE	 UP
AND	 OPENED	 HIS	 EYES	 THE	 SITH	 LORD	 DARTH	 TABAH	 WAS	 STANDING	 OVER
HIM	 HOLDING	 HIS	 LIGHTSABER	 IN	 HIS	 HAND	 LOOKING	 OVER	 THE	 HILT.
“HMMM…A	 JEDI	 LIGHTSABER,	 THESE	 ARE	 MUCH	 WEAKER	 THAN	 OUR
HANDMADE	 BLADES.	 I’LL	 KEEP	 IT…..FOR	 NOW,	 WHEN	 I	 SEE	 YOU	 AGAIN,
YOU’LL	BE	READY	AND	WE	WILL	MEET…OH	YES	WE	WILL	MEET	AGAIN.”
HE	SAID	LEANING	OVER	AND	PUNCHING	THE	GRAND	MASTER	IN	THE	FACE	AND
KNOCKING	 HIM	 OUT,	 HE	 LOOKED	 INTO	 THE	 ROOM	 AND	 SAW	 THE	 GUARD
FIGHTING	WITH	THE	CHANCELLOR.	AS	THE	DARK	LORD	WAS	LEAVING	HE	SAW
A	 CHANGLING	 WALKING	 BY,	 THE	 DARK	 LORD	 WAVED	 HIS	 HAND	 IN	 FRONT	 OF
HIS	 FACE,	 SAID	 A	 FEW	 WORDS	 TO	 HIM	 GIVING	 HIM	 A	 BLACK	 SILK	 BAG	 AND
SENT	HIM	ON	HIS	WAY.
MEANWHILE	 DELPA	 GIVAL	 WAS	 ENGAGED	 IN	 BATTLE	 WITH	 THE	 GUARD,
ALREADY	THE	CHANCELLOR	HAD	CUT	OFF	ALL	OF	HIS	CLOTHES	AND	THE	MAN
HAD	 SLASH	 MARKS	 ALL	 OVER	 HIS	 BODY.	 HIS	 LONG	 HAIR	 WAS	 GONE	 AND	 HE
WAS	HOPPING	AROUND	IN	HIS	UNDERWEAR,	STEPPING	ON	BROKEN	GLASS,	HE
FOUGHT	 HIS	 WAY	 TO	 THE	 EXIT.	 CATCHING	 A	 GLIMPSE	 OF	 THE	 OUTSIDE	 HE
STOPPED	 AND	 SMILED	 AS	 GIVAL	 SENSED	 A	 STRONG	 DISTURBANCE	 IN	 THE
FORCE	 AND	 STEPPED	 BACK	 A	 LITTLE	 AS	 HIS	 FOE.	 “MY	 LORD	 HAS	 BEEN
CAPTURED	ONCE	AGAIN	AND	MY	SERVICES	ARE	NO	LONGER	NEEDED.”
HE	 SAID	 AS	 DELPA	 GIVAL	 SLOWLY	 MOVED	 FORWARD.	 THE	 MAN	 WALKED
OUTSIDE	 WITH	 HIS	 LIGHTSABER	 AS	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 TROOPS	 AND	 JEDI
SURROUNDED	 HIM.	 HE	 KNELT	 DOWN	 AND	 RAISED	 THE	 LIGHTSABER	 WITH

BOTH	HANDS	ABOVE	HIS	HEAD.	“MAY	THE	FORCE	SERVE	YOU	WELL,	MY	SITH
BROTHERS	 AND	 SISTERS!”	 HE	 SAID	 BRINGING	 THE	 SABER	 DOWN	 AND
STABBING	HIMSELF	THROUGH	THE	CHEST,	BURNING	HIS	ENTIRE	UPPER	TORSO.
THE	 MAN	 FELL	 OVER	 ON	 THE	 FLOOR,	 THE	 LIGHTSABER	 SHUT	 OFF	 AND	 THE
SMELL	 OF	 BURNT	 FLESH	 FILLED	 THE	 AIR	 AS	 THE	 TROOPS	 AND	 JEDI	 DID
NOTHING	BUT	STARE.	
DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 BROUGHT	 THE	 SHIP	 OUT	 OF	 HYPERSPACE	 AND	 WAS
APPROACHING	 AN	 UNKNOWN	 PLANET,	 HIS	 HOLOGRAM	 PROJECTOR	 STARTED
BEEPING.	 HE	 PUSHED	 A	 BUTTON	 AND	 A	 HOLOGRAM	 APPEARED.	 “MASTER	 I
HAVE	 FOUND	 THE	 SITH	 LORD	 WHO	 IS	 BEHIND	 THE	 BETRAYAL	 AND	 HE	 IS	 A
COUNCIL	 MASTER.”	 HE	 SAID	 AS	 THE	 SUPREME	 MASTER	 TOSSED	 THE
PROJECTOR	 DOWN	 ON	 THE	 TABLE	 IN	 FRONT	 OF	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 AND	 SAID,
“YOUR	STAR	PUPIL	IS	A	COMPLETE	IDIOT	WHO	IS	REPEATING	THE	EXACT	THING
THAT	YOU	TOLD	HIM	WHEN	YOU	BRIEFED	HIM	ON	THIS	MISSION.	“HE	ISN’T	MY
STAR	 PUPIL,	 MINE	 IS	 AWAY	 ON	 A	 MISSION,	 THIS	 IS	 SOMEONE	 WHO
IS….WASTING	OUR	TIME.”
DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 SAID	 AS	 HE	 SAT	 BACK	 AND	 LOOKED	 AT	 THE	 HOLOGRAM	 OF
THE	 UNKNOWN	 SITH	 AND	 SQUEEZED	 HIS	 FINGERS	 TOGETHER,	 CHOKING	 THE
SITH	 TO	 DEATH	 AND	 SEEING	 THE	 HOLOSITH	 FALL	 OUT	 OF	 THE	 PICTURE.
LUCRATIS	 SHUT	 THE	 PROJECTOR	 OFF	 AND	 SAT	 BACK	 IN	 HIS	 CHAIR	 AS	 THE
DEVICE	 STARTED	 BEEPING	 ONCE	 AGAIN.	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 LOOKED	 UP	 AT	 THE
SUPREME	 MASTER	 AND	 SAID,	 “YOU	 WANNA	 TAKE	 THIS	 ONE,	 OR	 SHOULD	 I?”
HE	ASKED	AS	LORD	SCIN	PICKED	THE	DEVICE	UP	IN	HIS	HAND	AND	ACTIVATED
THE	 PROJECTOR.	 A	 HOLOGRAM	 APPEARED	 AND	 SPOKE,	 “DARTH	 TABAH	 IS
DEAD,	MY	LORD	AND	SEACO	BUROC	IS	AS	WELL.	I’M	CLOSER	TO	MY	OBJECTIVE
AND	WILL	UPDATE	YOU	SOON	WHEN	IT	IS	DONE.”	
HE	 SAID	 AS	 THE	 HOLOGRAM	 FADED.	 LORD	 SCIN	 SET	 THE	 DEVICE	 DOWN	 ON
THE	TABLE	AND	WALKED	AWAY	WHILE	DARTH	BRUTICUS	SAT	DOWN	NEXT	TO
DARTH	LUCRATIS.	“SOMETHING	IS	WRONG	WITH	HIM	AND	I’M	GOING	TO	FIND
OUT	 WHAT	 IT	 IS.”	 HE	 SAID	 GRABBING	 HIS	 FRIEND’S	 PLATE	 AND	 STARTED
EATING	 THE	 FRIED	 BANTHA	 MEAT	 ON	 A	 STICK.	 “HEY,	 THAT’S	 MINE!”	 DARTH
LUCRATIS	 SAID	 AS	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 GOT	 UP	 AND	 WALKED	 AWAY	 WITH	 THE
PLATE	OF	FOOD.	“THANKS	FOR	THE	SNACK	MY	FRIEND,	NOW	MAKE	YOURSELF
SOME!”
HE	 SAID	 LAUGHING	 AS	 HE	 WALKED	 AWAY.	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 WALKED	 TO	 THE
COCKPIT	AND	SAT	WITH	THE	PILOTS	AND	LORD	SCIN.	“HE	WAS	YOUR	FRIEND,
WASN’T	HE?”	LUCRATIS	ASKED	AS	HE	LOOKED	OVER	AT	HIS	FRIEND.	THE	SITH
LORD	 STARTED	 LAUGHING	 AND	 SHOOK	 HIS	 HEAD	 AT	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS.	 “HE’S
NOT	DEAD,	I	DON’T	CARE	WHAT	THAT	SITH	SAID,	IF	HE	WAS	DEAD…..I’D	KNOW
IT,	I’D	HAVE	THAT	FUNNY	FEELING	IN	MY	STOMACH	AND	I	WOULD	GET	DIZZY.	I

HAD	 NONE	 OF	 THOSE	 SYMPTOMS,	 DARTH	 TABAH	 WAS	 RIGHT	 ABOUT	 DARTH
BRUTICUS,	 HIS	 GREED	 IS	 GETTING	 THE	 BEST	 OF	 HIM	 AND	 IT	 IS	 BLINDING	 HIS
MIND	 WITH	 THINGS	 THAT	 HE	 WILL	 NEVER	 HAVE.	 HERE	 WE	 ARE	 ARRIVING	 AT
THIS	 PLANET	 LOOKING	 FOR	 THE	 GREAT	 ARMIES	 OF	 THE	 SITH….HE	 WILL	 NOT
SUCCEED.”	LORD	SCIN	SAID.
SLEEPING	 ON	 HIS	 BACK,	 DARTH	 MAZARILL	 ROLLED	 OFF	 OF	 THE	 STEEL	 SLAB
AND	 ONTO	 THE	 FLOOR.	 IT	 WAS	 STILL	 RAINING	 ON	 CORUSCANT	 AS	 THE	 SITH
LORD	 OPENED	 HIS	 EYES	 SLOWLY	 AND	 ROLLED	 TO	 HIS	 SIDE,	 EXAMINING	 THE
WOUND	 IN	 HIS	 CHEST.	 HE	 COULDN’T	 EXPLAIN	 WHY	 HE	 WAS	 STILL	 ALIVE.
SEACO	 BUROC	 HIS	 SABER	 FROM	 HIM	 AND	 RAN	 IT	 THROUGH	 HIS	 HEART,	 BUT
HE	WAS	STILL	ALIVE!	“STILL	BREATHING!?	HOW	WAS	THIS	POSSIBLE?”	DARTH
MAZARILL	 SAID.	 HE	 HAD	 NO	 IDEA	 WHO	 BUT	 HE	 WOULD	 FIND	 OUT…IF	 HE
LIVES.	 “WELL,	 WELL…	 THE	 GREAT	 DARTH	 MAZARILL,	 I	 HAVE	 NEED	 OF	 YOU,
BUT	FIRST	YOU	NEED	TO	HEAL.”	THE	HOODED	FIGURE	PICKED	UP	THE	FALLEN
SITH	 FROM	 THE	 FLOOR	 AND	 TOOK	 HIM	 BACK	 TO	 THE	 INFIRMARY	 AS	 HE
CLOSED	HIS	EYES	AND	FELL	BACK	TO	SLEEP.	“I	HAVE	NO	IDEA	HOW	YOU	GOT
HERE	OUTSIDE	OF	THE	ROOM	BUT	I	HAVE	AN	IDEA	WHO	THE	CULPRIT	IS…AND
I	 WILL	 TAKE	 CARE	 OF	 IT	 AS	 YOU	 REST.”	 HE	 SAID	 AS	 HE	 CARRIED	 THE	 SITH
MASTER	 THROUGH	 THE	 ABANDONED	 JEDI	 TEMPLE	 AND	 RETURNED	 TO	 THE
INFIRMARY.	
DARTH	MAZARILL	HAD	NO	IDEA	WHO	WAS	HELPING	HIM	AND	RIGHT	NOW	HE
DIDN’T	 CARE.	 HE	 SLOWLY	 OPENED	 HIS	 EYES	 AND	 SAW	 A	 MIDDLE	 AGED	 MAN
WITH	LONG	GRAY	HAIR	USING	MAGIC	AND	CHANTING	FROM	A	BOOK.	AS	TIME
TICKED	AWAY,	DARTH	MAZARILL	FELL	IN	AND	OUT	OF	CONSCIENCE,	ONCE	HE
LOOKED	AT	HIS	CHEST	AND	SAW	GREEN	SMOKE	RISING	FROM	THE	CARTERIZED
CAVITY	 AND	 PASSED	 OUT	 AGAIN.	 ANOTHER	 TIME	 HE	 THOUGHT	 HE	 SAW
GHOSTS	 OF	 ANCIENT	 SITH	 STANDING	 AROUND	 THE	 SLAB	 THAT	 HE	 LAY	 ON
WITH	 THEIR	 ARMS	 OUT	 AND	 CHANTING	 ALONG	 WITH	 THE	 DARK	 MASTER,
WHO	RAN	A	RED	STICK	UNDER	HIS	NOSE	AND	THE	YOUNG	SITH	PASSED	OUT
AGAIN.	THE	BATTLE	BETWEEN	HE	AND	SEACO	BUROC	RAN	THROUGH	HIS	MIND
OVER	 AND	 OVER,	 HE	 HAD	 THE	 ADVANTAGE!	 HE	 HAD	 EVERYTHING	 ON	 HIS
SIDE….HATE,	 FORCE,	 THE	 DARKSIDE,	 AND	 YET	 HE	 STILL	 FAILED.	 DAYS	 CAME
AND	GONE	AS	THE	YOUNG	SITH	MASTER	LAY	ON	THAT	SLAB.	
HE	WAS	DREAMING	AND	AWOKE,	OPENING	HIS	EYES	HE	LOOKED	AROUND	THE
ROOM	 AND	 SAW	 A	 TABLE	 WITH	 ANCIENT	 SURGERY	 EQUIPMENT	 COVERED	 IN
DRIED	 BLOOD,	 HE	 LOOKED	 DOWN	 AND	 SAW	 ROTTEN	 PIECES	 OF	 CARTERIZED
FLESH	 IN	 A	 TRASH	 CONTAINER,	 IT	 WAS	 THE	 SMELL	 THAT	 WOKE	 HIM	 UP.	 THE
YOUNG	 MASTER	 SAT	 UP	 SLOWLY,	 USING	 THE	 FORCE	 HE	 SET	 THE	 TRASH	 ON
FIRE	AND	FORCE	PUSHED	THE	CAN	OUTSIDE	OF	THE	ROOM	AS	HE	SLOWLY	GOT
UP	FROM	THE	SLAB,	GRABBED	A	CANE	THAT	WAS	LEANING	AGAINST	A	WALL
NEARBY	AND	LEFT	THE	ROOM.	IT	WAS	DARK	AND	COLD,	HE	COULD	HEAR	THE
RAINDROPS	 HITTING	 THE	 BROKEN	 GLASS	 ROOFTOPS	 AND	 THE	 GREAT	 HALL

FLOORS	FROM	HIS	BOMB	ATTACKS.	MAZARILL	WALKED	DOWN	THE	STAIRS	AND
OVER	 TO	 THE	 ENTRANCE	 DOORS	 WATCHING	 THE	 RAIN	 FALL,	 HE	 LIKED	 THE
RAINY	SEASON	ON	CORUSCANT,	THE	DARK	CLOUDS	RACING	ACROSS	THE	SKY,
THE	THUNDER	RUMBLING.
IT	SOOTHED	HIM	AND	CALMED	HIS	NERVES.	HE	STARED	OUT	OF	THE	WINDOWS
WATCHING	 THE	 RAIN	 RUN	 DOWN	 THEM	 FOR	 WHAT	 SEEMED	 TO	 BE	 AN
ETERNITY	 AND	 WATCHING	 THE	 REPUBLIC	 SOLDIERS	 FLEE	 TO	 THEIR	 SHELTERS
FROM	THE	RAIN.	“ARE	YOU	READY	TO	BEGIN	YOUR	NEW	LIFE?”	A	VOICE	SAID
FROM	 BEHIND	 HIM	 AS	 THE	 YOUNG	 MASTER	 TURNED	 AROUND	 AND	 SAW	 THE
HOODED	 FIGURE	 WHO	 PULLED	 HIS	 HOOD	 DOWN	 AND	 REVEALED	 HIS	 OLDER
FACE.	DARTH	MAZARILL	OPENED	HIS	MOUTH	TO	SPEAK	BUT	COULD	ONLY	SAY
ONE	WORD,	“WHY?”	HE	ASKED.	THE	MAN	SAID,”
BECAUSE	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 SENT	 YOU	 HERE	 TO	 YOUR	 DEATH	 AND	 YOU
FOUGHT	 AGAINST	 A	 JEDI	 GRAND	 MASTER	 WHO	 ALSO	 THINKS	 THAT	 YOU	 ARE
DEAD,	 I’M	 GOING	 TO	 KILL	 THE	 BOTH	 OF	 THEM,	 BUT	 I	 NEED	 YOUR	 HELP.”	 THE
YOUNG	 MASTER	 SAT	 DOWN	 ON	 THE	 FLOOR,	 LEANING	 AGAINST	 THE	 GLASS
DOOR	 AND	 FEELING	 THE	 COLD	 AGAINST	 HIS	 HEAD.	 “WHO	 ARE	 YOU?”	 HE
ASKED	 AS	 HIS	 HEAD	 SLID	 DOWN	 THE	 WINDOW.	 THE	 SITH	 CROUCHED	 DOWN
AND	 SAID,	 “MY	 NAME	 IS	 ION	 VAT,	 GRAND	 MASTER	 AND	 ALCHEMIST	 OF	 THE
SITH,	 I’VE	 BEEN	 WATCHING	 AND	 WAITING.	 WHAT	 DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 IS	 DOING
HAS	 GREAT	 INTENTIONS,	 BUT	 I	 SEE	 THAT	 HE	 WILL	 GET	 SHOT	 DOWN	 IN
FLAMES.”	 DARTH	 MAZARILL	 LOOKED	 UP	 AT	 THE	 DARK	 LORD	 AND	 SAID.	 “YOU
DON’T	LOOK	LIKE	A	SITH	…YOU	LOOK	LIKE	A	JEDI.”
THE	 MAN	 STARTING	 LAUGHING,	 “LOOKS	 ARE	 DECEIVING,	 YOUNG	 ONE,	 THEY
ARE	 VERY	 DECEIVING.”	 THE	 YOUNG	 MASTER	 GOT	 UP	 SLOWLY	 AND	 LOOKED
AROUND	AT	ALL	OF	THE	DAMAGE	THAT	HE	CREATED.	“WILL	THE	JEDI	REBUILD
THIS?”	MAZARILL	ASKED	AS	THE	SITH	LORD	HELPED	HIM	WALK	ALONG.	“MOST
LIKELY,	THIS	IS	CORUSCANT.	THE	SITH	LIKE	THE	JEDI,	WILL	RISE	AND	FADE.	IT
HAS	 BEEN	 SO	 FOR	 MILLIONS	 OF	 YEARS	 AND	 WILL	 CONTINUE	 FOR	 MILLIONS
MORE.	THE	SENATE	WILL	TAKE	PITY	ON	THE	JEDI,	REBUILD	THIS	TEMPLE	AND
HELP	THEM	SEARCH	THE	GALAXY	FOR	YOUNGLINGS	AND	THUS	STARTING	THE
CIRCLE	ONCE	AGAIN.”	THE	TWO	WENT	AND	GATHERED	WHAT	ITEMS	THEY	HAD
AND	 LEFT	 THE	 TEMPLE.	 THEY	 CROSSED	 THE	 FAILED	 FORCE	 FIELD	 AND
BOARDED	 A	 SHIP	 A	 SMALL	 DISTANCE	 AWAY.	 DARTH	 MAZARILL	 SAT	 DOWN
WHILE	 THE	 SHIP	 TOOK	 OFF,	 ION	 VAT	 COVERED	 THE	 YOUNG	 MASTER	 WITH	 A
BLANKET	 AND	 SAT	 DOWN	 ACROSS	 FROM	 HIM.	 DARTH	 MAZARILL	 LAY	 DOWN
ON	THE	COUCH	AND	STARTED	TO	GO	TO	SLEEP.
“YOU	LOOK	LIKE	SOMEONE	THAT	I	READ	ABOUT	ONCE.”	HE	SAID	AS	HE	MADE
HIMSELF	 COMFY.	 “SO	 WHO	 DO	 I	 LOOK	 LIKE?”	 THE	 SITH	 MAGICIAN	 ASKED
WHILE	 THE	 YOUNG	 SITH	 TOSSED	 AND	 TURNED.	 FINALLY	 HE	 GOT
COMFORTABLE	 AND	 CLOSED	 HIS	 EYES.	 “YOU	 LOOK	 LIKE	 QUI-GON	 JINN	 HE
SAID.	 ION	 VAT	 LOOKED	 AT	 HIM	 AND	 ASKED,	 “WHO’S	 HE?”	 DARTH	 MAZARILL

SHIFTED	 HIMSELF	 AROUND	 AND	 SAID,”	 HE	 WAS	 A	 JEDI	 MASTER	 WHO	 WAS
KILLED	BY	A	SITH	APPRENTICE.”	HE	SAID	AND	DRIFTED	OFF	TO	SLEEP.
DARTH	 NORAA	 WAS	 SITTING	 AT	 HIS	 DESK	 WATCHING	 THE	 TRAITOR	 ON	 A
HOLOSCREEN.	“THERE	YOU	ARE	AND	NOW	YOU	ARE	MINE!”	HE	SAID	GETTING
UP	 FROM	 HIS	 CHAIR,	 GRABBING	 HIS	 LIGHTSABER	 AND	 LEAVING	 THE	 ROOM.
THE	 TWO	 OF	 THEM	 WERE	 THE	 ONLY	 ONES	 IN	 THE	 TEMPLE,	 EVERYONE	 ELSE
WAS	 TRANSFERRED	 TO	 THE	 TEMPLES	 ON	 CORUSCANT	 AND	 BYSS.	 AS	 HE
WALKED	 THROUGH	 THE	 GREAT	 HALL,	 HE	 SPOTTED	 DARTH	 KAMENWATI	 WHO
IN	 TURN	 SAW	 HIM	 AND	 WALKED	 OVER	 TO	 MEET	 HIM.	 “GREETINGS	 LORD
KAMENWATI,	 WHAT	 ARE	 YOU	 DOING	 HERE?”	 DARTH	 NORAA	 ASKED	 AS	 THE
DARK	LORD	STOOD	ON	THE	OTHER	SIDE	OF	THE	HALL.	
“YOU	KNOW	WHY	I	AM	HERE…SO	IT’S	YOU,	THE	TRAITOR.”	KAMENWATI	SAID
AS	 DARTH	 NORAA	 LOOKED	 AT	 THE	 DARK	 LORD	 IN	 WONDER.	 “I	 AM	 NOT	 THE
TRAITOR,	 I’VE	 BEEN	 DOING	 RESEARCH	 AND	 THE	 TRAITOR	 ISN’T	 ME….IT’S
YOU!”	 HE	 SAID	 AS	 HE	 RAN	 OVER	 TO	 THE	 SITH	 LORD’S	 POSITION,	 FRONT
FLIPPED	 OVER	 THE	 STAIRS,	 TURNED	 HIS	 SABER	 ON	 AND	 ATTACKED	 THE	 SITH
WITH	 AN	 OVERHEAD	 SLASH.	 AS	 HE	 LANDED	 ON	 THE	 FLOOR,	 DARTH
KAMENWATI	 BLOCKED	 HIS	 ATTACK	 WITH	 HIS	 SABER	 AND	 FORCE	 PUSHED	 THE
YOUNGER	 SITH	 ACROSS	 THE	 HALL	 AGAINST	 THE	 RAILING	 AND	 SLOWLY
WALKED	 OVER	 TO	 DARTH	 NORAA.	 “I’M	 GOING	 TO	 ENJOY	 BREAKING	 YOU
DOWN	TO	NOTHING.”
KAMENWATI	 SAID	 WHILE	 HIS	 FOE	 WAS	 GETTING	 UP,	 DARTH	 NORAA	 LUNGED
FORWARD	 USING	 THE	 FORCE	 AND	 FLASHED	 THROUGH	 THE	 SITH	 LORD
CUTTING	 HIM	 IN	 HALF.	 “YOU’RE	 GOING	 TO	 BREAK	 WHO?!”	 HE	 ASKED	 AS	 HE
WATCHED	 THE	 CARTERIZED	 HALVES	 SEPERATE	 AND	 FALL	 TO	 THE	 FLOOR,	 HE
STOOD	 OVER	 WAHT	 WAS	 LEFT	 OF	 DARTH	 KAMENWATI	 AND	 STARTED
GLOATING.	 “SO	 YOU	 THOUGHT	 THAT	 YOU	 WOULD	 COME	 HERE	 AND	 KILL	 ME
YOU	 WORTHLESS	 EXCUSE	 OF	 A	 SITH	 LORD.”	 HE	 SAID	 AS	 A	 HOODED	 FIGURE
APPROACHED	 BEHIND	 HIM,	 TURNED	 ON	 HIS	 SABER	 AND	 SAID,	 “I’M	 TIRED	 OF
HEARING	 YOUR	 MOUTH	 LORD	 NORAA.”	 THE	 SITH	 LORD	 FROZE	 STILL	 AND
DIDN’T	 MOVE	 AS	 THE	 VOICE	 SPOKE	 AGAIN.	 “THIS	 IS	 IT	 MY	 FRIEND,	 YOU	 ARE
HISTORY	AND	ALL	BECAUSE	I	SERVE	AND	OBEY	DARTH	BANE	AND	HIS	RULE	OF
TWO.”	THE	VOICE	SAID.	DARTH	NORAA	DIDN’T	TURN	AROUND	AS	THE	FIGURE
EXPLAINED	HIS	EVIL	PLOT.	
“I	DON’T	THINK	IT	WOULD	BE	A	GOOD	IDEA	FOR	YOU	TO	FOLLOW	HIM,	JUST
LIKE	 BRUTICUS	 BRINGING	 DARTH	 SIDIOUS	 HERE	 TO	 OUR	 TIME.”	 HE	 SAID
SHUTTING	OFF	HIS	LIGHTSABER	AND	KNEELING	ON	THE	FLOOR	WITH	HIS	HEAD
DOWN.	“I	HAVE	DONE	ALL	THAT	I	CAN,	THERE	IS	NOTHING	THAT	THE	SITH	CAN
OFFER	 FOR	 ME…..TAKE	 MY	 HEAD.”	 THE	 FIGURE	 STOOD	 BEHIND	 HIM	 AND
DARTH	 NORAA	 FELT	 HIS	 PRESENCE.	 HE	 QUICKLY	 GOT	 UP,	 TURNED	 AROUND
AND	 HIT	 THE	 FIGURE	 WITH	 FORCE	 LIGHTNING,	 KNOCKING	 HIM	 ACROSS	 THE

GREAT	HALL.	“I	LIED,	THAT’S	MY	JOB	AS	A	SITH	LORD,	TO	LIE,	CHEAT,	STEAL,
KILL	 AND	 DESTROY!”	 HE	 YELLED	 AT	 THE	 FIGURE	 AS	 HE	 RAN	 OVER	 TO	 HIM,
TURNED	HIS	LIGHTSABER	ON	AND	ATTACKED	THE	MAN	WHO	QUICKLY	GOT	UP
AND	ACTIVATED	HIS	SABER	WHICH	TURNED	THE	BLADE	GREEN.	“I	LIED	TOO	MY
FRIEND,	I’M	NOT	UNITING	WITH	DARTH	BANE	OR	DARTH	BRUTICUS	BUT	I	WILL
TELL	YOU	SOMETHING	OF	TRUTH,	BEFORE	I	DESTROY	YOU.
DARTH	 BRUTICUS	 AND	 DARTH	 LUCRATIS	 TURNED	 YOU	 AND	 DARTH
KAMENWATI	 AGAINST	 EACH	 OTHER	 SO	 THAT	 THEY	 COULD	 KNOCK	 THE	 SITH
PACK	DOWN	TO	TWO.”	HE	SAID	AS	HE	ENGAGED	THE	SITH	LORD	WITH	A	GREEN
AND	 RED	 SABER.	 “COME	 ON	 SENATOR,	 LET’S	 SEE	 THE	 THE	 TRAINING	 THAT
YOU’VE	 BEEN	 GIVING	 THE	 SITH	 FOR	 THE	 LAST	 FEW	 YEARS.”	 THE	 HOODED
FIGURE	SAID	AS	HE	BURNED	THROUGH	ALL	OF	HIS	MOVES	IN	A	FEW	MINUTES
AND	QUICKLY	TIRED	OUT	THE	SITH	TRAINER	AND	AS	DARTH	NORAA	SLASHED
AT	THE	UNKNOWN	MAN’S	FACE,	
HE	STILL	DIDN’T	BACK	DOWN	OR	SHOW	ANY	SIGN	THAT	HE	WAS	TIRED,	EVEN
THOUGH	 HE	 WAS	 EXHAUSTED	 AND	 READY	 TO	 QUIT,	 BUT	 HE	 COULDN’T	 QUIT,
THIS	WAS	A	FIGHT	FOR	HIS	LIFE	AND	HE	WASN’T	GIVING	IT	AWAY	VERY	EASILY.
THE	FIGURE	SWUNG	BOTH	SABERS	OVER	HIS	FOE’S	HEAD	RAPIDILY	AS	DARTH
NORAA	 TRIED	 DESPERATELY	 TO	 BLOCK	 AND	 THEN	 THE	 FIGURE	 STARTED
SLOWING	 DOWN	 HIS	 FIGHT	 AND	 NORAA	 FOUND	 THE	 ADVANTAGE	 AND	 TOOK
IT.	 HE	 WAITED	 FOR	 THE	 DUAL	 ATTACK	 TO	 STOP	 AND	 WHEN	 IT	 DID,	 LORD
NORAA	CUT	OFF	THE	ARM	THAT	HELD	THE	RED	BLADED	SABER.	
“AAAAHHHHH!”	HE	HEARD	THE	FIGURE	YELL	AS	HE	BACKED	OFF	TO	COVER	THE
WOUND.	 “NOW	 WE	 ARE	 EVEN	 WHOEVER	 YOU	 ARE.”	 HE	 SAID	 AS	 THE	 FIGURE
STOOD	 UP	 AND	 PULLED	 OFF	 HIS	 HOOD.	 “WOW,	 NOW	 THIS	 IS	 A	 SURPRISE,
NEVER	 IN	 A	 MILLION	 YEARS	 WOULD	 I	 HAVE	 THOUGHT	 THAT	 YOU	 OF	 ALL
PEOPLE	WOULD	BE	FIGHTING	AGAINST	ME,	SO	DARTH	BRUTICUS	HAS	TURNED
US	AGAINST	EACH	OTHER.	SO	WHAT	DO	I	DO	NOW	I	WONDER?”	HE	ASKED	THE
MAN	WHO	STOOD	BEFORE	HIM	WITH	A	GREEN	SABER	IN	HIS	HAND.	“NOW	THE
PLOT	THICKENS,	THE	SKIES	ARE	GETTING	DARKER.”	DARTH	NORAA	SAID	AS	HIS
FOE	 ATTACKED	 HIM	 WHICH	 WAS	 EASIER	 THAN	 BEFORE,	 AND	 ONE	 LESS
LIGHTSABER	ADDED	TO	THE	BATTLE.	THE	MAN	FOUGHT	FOR	HIS	LIFE	AS	LORD
NORAA	 NOW	 HAD	 THE	 ADVANTAGE	 AND	 AS	 HE	 SWUNG	 THE	 SABER	 SLOWLY
OUTWARDLY	 ACROSS	 HIS	 FOE’S	 CHEST,	 DARTH	 NORAA	 DUCKED	 AND	 THE
SITH’S	ATTACK	MISSED,	
THE	SITH	LORD	STOOD	UP	AND	CUT	OFF	HIS	OTHER	ARM,	THEN	TOOK	OFF	HIS
HEAD	TO	RID	HIM	OF	HIS	OWN	MISERY.	THE	LIMP	BODY	FELL	TO	THE	FLOOR,
DARTH	 NORAA	 SENSED	 NO	 ONE	 ELSE	 IN	 THE	 TEMPLE	 AND	 HE	 LEFT	 THE
BUILDING.	AS	HE	WALKED	OUTSIDE	THE	BUILDING	HE	WHISPERED	TO	HIMSELF,
“GOODBYE	 DARTH	 LAZUR….GOODBYE.”	 HE	 SAID	 AS	 A	 REPUBLIC	 SHIP	 FLEW
OVER	 THE	 TEMPLE	 AND	 DROPPED	 A	 BOMB	 ON	 TOP	 OF	 THE	 SITH	 LORD	 WHO
COULD	DO	NOTHING	BUT	STAND	STILL.	THE	BOMB	HIT	NEXT	TO	DARTH	NORAA

AND	VAPORIZING	THE	SITH	TO	NOTHING	BUT	DUST.
CHANCELLOR	 GIVAL	 EXITED	 THE	 INTERROGATION	 ROOM	 AND	 RAN	 TO	 HIS
FRIENDS	AID.	PULLING	THE	BURNT	PIECES	OFF	OF	THE	FALLEN	JEDI,	HE	CALLED
FOR	MEDICS	TO	ASSIST	THE	FALLEN	JEDI	GRAND	MASTERS	TO	THE	INFIRMARY.
AFTER	 THEY	 WERE	 TAKEN	 AWAY,	 DELPA	 GIVAL	 ORDERED	 AN	 IMMEDIATE
INVESTIGATION	OF	THE	ESCAPED	SITH	LORD	AND	ANYONE	WHO	WAS	PRESENT
DURING	THE	ORDEAL.
“DAMN,	IF	IT	ISN’T	ONE	THING	IT’S	SOMETHING	ELSE.”	THE	CHANCELLOR	SAID
AS	 HE	 RETURNED	 TO	 HIS	 APARTMENT	 TO	 REST.	 HE	 ENTERED	 THE
ESTABLISHMENT	AND	WALKED	TO	HIS	OFFICE	AND	SAT	DOWN	AT	HIS	DESK,	IT
WAS	EARLY	IN	THE	MORNING	AS	HE	OPENED	THE	SHADES	AND	TURNED	THE
LIGHTS	ON.	A	MESSAGE	WAS	BURNED	IN	THE	OFFICE	WALL,	HE	STOOD	UP	AT
ONCE	AND	CALLED	THE	CHANCELLOR’S	GUARDS	IN	IMMEDIATELY.	THE	GUARDS
ENTERED	 THE	 APARTMENT	 AND	 BEGAN	 INVESTIGATING	 THE	 BREAK	 IN.	 ALL
OVER	THE	OFFICE,	GENERAL	TANASH	TOOK	NOTES	AND	SCANNED	THE	BURNT
MESSAGE	ON	THE	WALL.	HE	READ	IT	ALOUD.
“THE	HEADS	OF	THE	SITH	COUNCIL	HAVE	BEEN	BROKEN,	SIX	ARE	DEAD,	FOUR
REMAIN.	YOUR	NEW	GRAND	MASTER	IS	NEXT.”	
HE	SAID	AS	HE	WALKED	TO	THE	ENTRANCE	AND	SPOKE	TO	THE	CHANCELLOR.
“WE	 WILL	 FIND	 THE	 PERSON	 WHO	 DID	 THIS,	 IN	 THE	 MEANTIME	 WE	 WILL
DOUBLE	 THE	 TROOPS	 IN	 THIS	 BUILDING	 SIR.”	 HE	 SAID	 LEAVING	 THE
APARTMENT.	 “THANK	 YOU	 GENERAL.”	 DELPA	 GIVAL	 SAID	 ENTERING	 HIS
APARTMENT	AND	WENT	TO	SLEEP	IN	HIS	ROOM.
	
–To	Be	Continued	on
Star	Wars	Infinite	Darkness
V:	Cloud	of	Shadows–

Star	Wars:	A	New	Age	(Sample	Chapter)
The	Dark	Sith	Wars
Industrial	Sector,	Coruscant
12:30	A.M.
	
A	hooded	man	was	climbing	up	the	front	of	an	old	factory	building	in	the
middle	of	the	rain	season.	At	the	top,	a	hidden	landing	pad	with	a	new	sith
stealth	 fighter.	 Armed	 guards	 surrounded	 the	 hangar	 as	 the	 figure	 entered
undetected.	He	force	ran	under	the	cockpit	of	the	ship	and	waited.
	
Queen	 Octa	 met	 with	 her	 sith	 forces	 who	 presented	 her	 with	 the	 stealth
fighter.	The	cockpit	opened,	she	got	in	and	blasted	off.	Flying	above	the	war
on	 Coruscant,	 the	 queen	 began	 scanning	 the	 battles	 around	 the	 planet.	 She
sensed	another	person	and	smiled.
	
“I	know	you’re	here.”	she	said	turning	her	head	behind	and	focusing	on	the
figure	 who	 lowered	 the	 hood	 and	 sat	 in	 the	 seat	 next	 to	 the	 queen.	 “Hello
Ashley…it’s	been	a	long	time.”
	
The	 queen	 turned	 and	 looked	 at	 him	 shaking	 her	 head.	 “That	 name	 no
longer	has	any	meaning	for	me	William.”
	
“You	 are	 my	 wife	 Ashley	 and	 I	 still	 love	 you	 very	 much.	 No	 matter	 who
you	are	now	or	what	you	represent,	you	will	always	be	my	wife,	my	life,	my
heart	and	soul.	We	have	three	children	together	Ashley	or	did	you	kill	them
too	when	we	were	all	in	transportation	to	this	galaxy?”
	
She	stopped	the	ship	and	shook	her	head.	“I	didn’t	kill	them	William.	Most
of	the	cryos	are	still	out	there	unfound.	God	knows	why	the	jedi	shot	us	all
out	 into	 outer	 space	 like	 that.	 Probably	 to	 save	 their	 own	 ass	 from	 the
pursuing	 sith.	 There	 are	 planets	 and	 moons	 that	 both	 the	 jedi	 and	 sith	 are
looking	for	and	it	would	kill	me	to	find	out	that	they	are	hurt	or	dead.”
	
William	 smiled	 and	 shook	 his	 head.	 “You	 wouldn’t	 be	 hurt	 if	 anything

happened	to	the	kids.”	he	said	waving	his	hand	at	the	turmoil	below.	“Look	at
the	shit	down	there	Ashley,	it’s	madness!	You’re	the	Queen	of	Korriban,	Queen
Octa,	 Queen	 of	 the	 Sith,	 Mistress	 of	 the	 Empire,	 Darth	 Arcanta,	 shit	 Ashley
your	wanted	by	everyone	in	the	galaxy!”	he	looked	in	her	eyes	and	saw	that
she	 didn’t	 care	 about	 anything	 he	 just	 said.	 He	 on	 the	 other	 hand	 couldn’t
hold	 back	 his	 tears.	 He	 leaned	 in,	 closed	 his	 eyes	 and	 gave	 his	 wife	 a	 long
kiss.	She	didn’t	embrace	him	instead	just	went	through	the	motion.	She	was	a
true	 leader	 of	 the	 sith,	 one	 who	 didn’t	 care	 for	 the	 welfare	 of	 any	 husband
but	herself	and	she	was	done	with	this	conversation.
	
William	grabbed	her	by	the	shoulders,	got	in	her	face	and	whispered.	“All	I
wanna	know	is	are	you	behind	this	war?	Did	you	start	it?”	Ashley	opened	the
cockpit,	 nodded	 slowly	 and	 spoke.	 “Yes	 I	 am	 and	 yes	 I	 did	 start	 the	 war.	 I
don’t	need	you	anymore	William,	I	have	the	King	of	Korriban	who	has	a	lot
more	 than	 you	 ever	 will.	 He	 is	 my	 husband,	 my	 life,	 my	 heart	 and	 soul.”
William’s	mouth	dropped	open	in	shock.	The	sith	queen	pushed	the	man	out
of	 the	 ship	 into	 the	 rain	 over	 the	 jedi	 base	 camp	 and	 started	 to	 fly	 away.
Everyone	 below	 could	 hear	 him	 scream	 as	 well	 as	 the	 queen	 when	 he	 fell.
“AAASSSHHHLLLEEEYYY!!!”
He	 hit	 the	 ground	 with	 a	 loud	 thud	 and	 didn’t	 move.	 A	 steel	 rusty	 pipe
pierced	through	his	left	shoulder	and	held	him	to	the	ground.	Rain	pelting	his
face	as	a	jedi	ran	over	to	him.	Lightsaber	in	hand,	the	jedi	ignited	the	weapon
and	burned	through	the	pipe	while	other	jedi	and	medics	came	to	his	aid	and
pulled	him	off	of	the	pipe.	A	jedi	stood	over	him	as	the	medics	tended	to	his
wound.	 He	 reached	 out	 and	 grabbed	 an	 apprentice.	 Pulling	 her	 to	 him,	 he
said	a	few	words	to	her	as	the	jedi	moved	in	to	listen.	“The	queen…of…the…
sith….is…my..wife!”	He	let	go	of	her,	fell	to	the	ground	and	passed	out.	The
jedi	 stood	 before	 him	 in	 wonder.	 “Take	 him	 to	 the	 infirmary	 at	 the	 temple
and	inform	the	council	that	we	have	some	information	that	will	help	with	the
war.”
	
Jedi	Temple	Infirmary,	Coruscant
6	P.M.
	
The	jedi	healers	had	finished	dressing	William’s	puncture	wound	when	the
grand	 master	 walked	 in.	 She	 was	 a	 female	 human	 that	 stood	 two	 meters
tall.	She	was	very	skinny	with	very	long	blonde	hair	and	wore	white	lipstick
adorned	with	ancient	tattoos.	The	medical	droids	lost	William	five	times.	One
of	them	came	over	to	her	and	gave	the	grand	master	an	update.

	
“For	 reasons	 we	 don’t	 know	 of,	 he’s	 lost	 the	 will	 to	 live.	 He	 doesn’t	 care
whether	he	lives	or	dies.”
The	 grand	 master	 nodded	 and	 smiled	 at	 William.	 She	 sat	 down	 on	 the
corner	of	his	bed	and	reached	over	to	moved	the	hair	out	of	his	face.
	
“You	know	William,	if	I	were	you	and	I	heard	that	out	of	my	wife’s	mouth,
I’d	be	destroyed.	I	don’t	think	I’d	want	to	go	on	living	either.	It	would	be	much
worse	if	you	have	kids	with	her	and	from	the	look	on	your	face,	you	do	my
friend.”
	
William	nodded	and	tears	filled	up	in	his	eyes.	A	med	bot	came	over	and
handed	him	a	box	of	tissues.	He	wiped	his	face	and	sat	up.	“I’ve	lost	the	will
to	live	yes.	The	will	to	call	her	my	wife	is	gone.	I	want	to	secretly	bring	her
world	to	an	end	and	make	her	the	woman	I	married	twenty	years	ago.	When
this	is	all	done,	I	want	a	nice	beach	house	on	Naboo	with	my	family	and	live
happily	ever	after.”
	
The	grand	master	smiled	at	him	and	moved	in	closer.	“A	jedi	commits	his
life	to	the	order.”
	
William	moved	closer	to	the	jedi	and	got	in	her	face.
	
“If	you	want	the	Queen	of	Korriban	stopped,	then	you’ll	take	my	offer.”
	
The	 grand	 master	 stood	 up	 and	 nodded.	 “Becoming	 a	 jedi	 isn’t	 easy
William	 and	 if	 you	 succeed	 it’s	 a	 hard	 life.	 Hunting	 her	 down	 won’t	 be	 easy
either.”
	
The	man	stood	up,	put	on	a	robe	shirt	and	bowed	to	the	jedi	leader.	She
led	 him	 out	 of	 the	 infirmary	 and	 into	 a	 lift.	 He	 was	 going	 to	 be	 a	 jedi	 and
help	stop	the	wrath	of	his	wife.

Text:	Eric	Johnson
Images:	David	Uscinski
Editing/Proofreading:	Eric	Johnson
All	rights	reserved.
Publication	Date:	September	6th	2017
https://www.bookrix.com/-ericthered38

